Full Article:Melissa Goldman will soon have oversight of the technology powering one of the highest-profile businesses on Wall Street. As the incoming global head of technology engineering for Goldman Sachs' global banking and markets division, the ex-Googler will run the engineering team for Goldman's investment banking and sales and trading units. "There is just a ton of stuff to do, so they tell me. And lots of different challenges in the space given how much is being invested in this particular business," Goldman told Business Insider, referring to efforts to build systems that can handle the firm's anticipated growth in a compliant and resilient way. Goldman Sachs' core business of advising companies through mergers, acquisitions, and raising capital, has come under the spotlight recently as investment-banking activity continues to be slow. It's perhaps more important than ever for technology, through things like automation and artificial intelligence, to play "a significant role in lowering the cost of individual transactions," Goldman said. Automating tasks could also help cut down junior bankers' hours. With an anticipated decline in trading volumes across Wall Street, Goldman's sales and trading business will continue to lean on technology to win market share among institutional investors. On Oct. 7, Goldman will return to the bank where she began her career 30 years ago as an analyst. During her first stint at Goldman, she managed various tech teams and was named managing director in 2008. More recently, she's worked as the vice president of corporate engineering at Google and as the chief information officer of corporate technology at JPMorgan, where she was also chief data officer. Though Goldman will be stepping into one of the biggest technology roles at the bank, she said one of her most important jobs out of the gate will be to listen. "I'm inheriting this very robust portfolio and I think it's important to make sure that people feel supported in the work that's been happening," Goldman said. Videocalling in from Bermuda, where Goldman is on vacation before returning to Wall Street, the tech exec opens up about how she will bring some of what she's learned at Google to Goldman, and the routine that lets her stay at the top of her game. This interview has been edited for length and clarity. Is there anything that you picked up from your time in Big Tech, or at Google specifically, that you're looking to incorporate at Goldman? Google has a very unique and special culture, which I enjoyed for close to three years. That experience shaped me in all kinds of ways, and I'm going to bring those experiences forward. The focus on the employee is exceptional in that organization. There are just a lot of different kinds of projects that evolve and change over time and there's a lot of investment in areas where you have to fail sometimes to innovate at pace and at scale. I mean, there are certain characteristics around accommodating individuals. They have a work-from-anywhere program where you have more flexibility in certain physical places where you can work. Those are just different kinds of things that are done to address, I think, some of the sentiments of the employees and try to create a different kind of accommodation in that context. There's a lot of talk of a softer third quarter in terms of trading volume, IPO activity, and M&A. How are you thinking about technology to help buoy the banking and markets business? At the end of the day, technology plays a significant role in lowering the cost of individual transactions. I consider the responsibility that I have to the business to optimize, to create valuable insights that otherwise, decisions couldn't be as precise and meticulous. Therefore, creating more of that opportunity to be able to wow and impress our clients with capabilities that they otherwise wouldn't have accessible and available. These are all the kinds of things that I think the sort of technology portfolio can add. This ends up being a team conversation with our business and really making sure that we're putting investments against the things that we're going to realize value. But you could imagine thinking about all of the manual processes and all of the research that goes into the banking function, and how much access and availability there is to be able to get knowledge into processes in ways that are much more efficient through leverage of LLMs and such. That being said, precision around data and making sure that there are no hallucinations, becomes something that's absolutely essential to this business, and so trying to investigate and figure out some of these things. I have to admit, there might be a whole set of work already in progress, and so I don't want to misstep here, but from the outside, these are the kinds of things that I could imagine would be ripe opportunities that would benefit the business. There's a lot of talk about junior bankers' hours, especially with the recent JPMorgan and Bank of America announcements about implementing guardrails to protect younger bankers from burnout. How are you thinking about technology and maybe being able to automate some of those mundane, repeatable tasks that junior bankers do sometimes? Well, my daughter's dating a junior banker at another company, and I'm watching. She's two years in, and I'm watching the activities that she's involved in. And yeah, I mean, you look at some of it and you think, 'Wow, being able to automate some of these tasks and pull information together in a reliable and meaningful way. These are some of the areas.' I'm really looking forward to seeing where Goldman is on that journey and then figuring out how I could be more impactful in helping with that. You've had a very impressive career jumping between some of the biggest names in tech and finance. What habits or hacks or routines help keep you at the top of your game? I love my cardio because it puts me in a space where I can sort of clear my head and think not so much about transactional things but a little bit more about strategic things. It allows space and time for that while I'm actually doing something healthy for me. And so that's something that I have really maintained a big part of, just my work-life balance. I used to run a lot, and as I get older, I've learned that I've actually got to mix it up a little bit more. So I mostly alternate between running and cycling. I'll go back and forth, but virtually six or seven days a week, I'll have some form of cardio daily so that I get that time to just regenerate and put things into their right places so that I can tackle the days. When you get back from Bermuda, when do you start? I start on October 7th, and so I'll be winding down at Google Friday. I'll have two weeks to probably address my wardrobe because again, I am going back from t-shirts and jeans to now a little bit more of a formal, not too formal, but nonetheless banking culture. So I have to go try on a bunch of clothes and make sure I do a little bit of shopping before I start.  Jump toFull 
Article1:More than a decade after leaving her abusive ex-husband, Lauren is still trapped in their joint mortgage. Her ex stopped making repayments, blocked attempts to sell or remortgage the property and withheld child maintenance. Lauren, not her real name, told the BBC she and her children were left penniless. It comes as a charity warns domestic abusers are using joint mortgages as a weapon. Meanwhile, the banking industry is working to break the cycle of economic abuse. A survey, published on Wednesday, of 1,000 women who held a joint mortgage in the last two years by charity Surviving Economic Abuse found one in eight experienced joint mortgage abuse. The majority of those surveyed said the cost of living made their situation worse and the joint mortgage prevented them leaving their unsafe living arrangement. Lauren told the BBC: “[The abuse] started with name-calling shortly after we moved in together then, after the birth of my oldest child, things turned physical." Shortly after giving birth to their child, Lauren's ex-husband tried to rape her and, on another occasion, he broke her wrist.  After he violently assaulted one of her children, Lauren decided to leave. Throughout their marriage, her ex-husband had also exerted control over their family finances. Economic abuse, which is recognised in the Domestic Violence Act, is estimated to occur in 95% of domestic abuse. And for many people like Lauren, it can continue long after a victim escapes their home. Despite Lauren being awarded the house in the divorce, her abuser remains on their joint mortgage, and she told the BBC her ex had blocked attempts to sell and remortgage the property and racked up huge debts in their name.  It could have been different had Lauren been able to quickly sell the family home. “It’s sickening. The sale of the house would have given us a secure and fresh start,” she said. Joint mortgages make buying a property easier, allowing people to borrow more money than on their own.  However, a joint mortgage can cause economic devastation if someone refuses to pay their agreed share, agree to new terms, or sell up. An abuser can continue to exert financial control. A survey, published on Wednesday, of 1,000 women who held a joint mortgage in the last two years by charity Surviving Economic Abuse (SEA) found one in eight experienced joint mortgage abuse. The majority of those surveyed said the cost of living made their situation worse and the joint mortgage prevented them leaving their unsafe living arrangement. The charity is calling on ministers to set up an urgent cross-government task force alongside the banking trade body, UK Finance, to better handle cases of mortgage-based abuse. “Perpetrators can use joint liability to cause a lot of economic harm,” said Deirdre Cartwright, public affairs and policy manager at SEA. Financial analyst Sarah Coles, from Hargreaves Lansdown, says anyone can become a victim. Her advice includes: A separate survey by the Building Societies Association (BSA) suggested many secret savers were setting money aside without telling a partner. Primarily, this was done to maintain a feeling of independence, but the next most popular reason was to use it as an escape fund. However, there remain millions of people in the UK with little or no savings. The survey suggested women were almost twice as likely as men to have less than £100 put aside. The financial sector has made progress in recent years to support those experiencing and fleeing from domestic violence. TSB recently announced an Emergency Flee Fund, offering payments of up to £500. Starling Bank has also made progress in stopping abusers sending messages to their victims through payments.  Many bank branches have safe spaces, where someone can speak privately. However, joint mortgages, because of the contractual obligation to both parties, can be weaponised long after initial separation. Under current laws, any contractual changes require both parties' consent. Owning your own home with a partner also affects access to vital resources to help people leave an abuser and severely limits access to legal aid and representation. In addition to bearing the brunt of joint mortgage payments, some also have to incur expensive legal fees during court proceedings. "Financial abuse is a horrendous crime," said Fiona Turner, head of vulnerability policy at banking trade body UK Finance.  "We need a quicker route to getting debts and mortgages separated and getting parties delinked." Whatever the challenges, campaigners and survivors say economic abuse should not stop women leaving dangerous partners when their life and safety is at risk. "There should be more understanding from lenders on mitigating circumstances,” said Ms Coles.  “Leaving is not easy, but it is worth it.” The chancellor says there is a black hole in the public finances. Evan Davis asks how it might be filled. A 30-year-old father-of-four died after getting lost on his way to his holiday hotel in Spain. Sarah Wilkinson celebrates her first anniversary with flowers and dinner-for-one. The ruling could open abortion access in the US South, where several states have severely limited access to the procedure.  A 10% energy price rise has taken effect, meaning annual bills will be £1,717 on average. Copyright 2024 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.  
Full Article: LinkedIn has just released its list of the top 100 MBA programs worldwide for 2024. The courses are ranked based on LinkedIn data looking at the career outcomes of MBA alumni, like job placement rates, advancement to senior-level positions, and network strength. Only full-time programs, with at least 400 graduates from the cohorts of 2019 to 2023, were included. Eight of the top 10 MBA programs are located in the US. Here's the list of LinkedIn's 10 best: Location: Chicago, Illinois Tuition: $84,198 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: investment banking associate, product manager, strategy consultant Location: New York, New York Tuition: $84,496 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: investment banking associate, product manager, founder Location: Hanover, New Hampshire Tuition: $80,620 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: investment banking associate, product manager, product marketing manager Location: Evanston, Illinois Tuition: $83,610 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: product manager, investment banking associate, brand manager Location: Hyderabad, India; Mohali, India Tuition: 2,472,000 Indian rupees (around $29,000) (one-year program) Most common job titles per LinkedIn: product manager, program manager, management consultant Location: Cambridge, Massachusetts Tuition: $86,550 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: product manager, founder, investment banking associate Location: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Tuition: $84,830 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: investment banking associate, product manager, founder Location: Boston, Massachusetts Tuition: $76,410 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: product manager, founder, chief of staff Locations: Fontainebleau, France; Singapore; Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; San Francisco, California Tuition: €99,500 (around $110,000) (one-year program) Most common job titles per LinkedIn: product manager, strategy consultant, founder Locations: Stanford, California Tuition: $82,455 for the first year of a two-year program Most common job titles per LinkedIn: founder, product manager, chief of staff Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:TED is supported by ads and partners 00:00 SubscribeFull Article:There was a time when the blue check mark was only for the likes of Twitter, but not anymore. In an apparent effort to stop fraud aimed at its drivers, Uber has announced new rider verification mechanisms which are optional—for now. On Tuesday, Uber published a blog explaining its verification efforts. “We’re dedicated to building a platform based on trust between riders and drivers,” the company said. “To support this, we’re launching new rider verification measures designed to help everyone feel more safe and secure.” Uber drivers have been targeted by scams, though it’s unclear how widespread this problem actually is. According to Uber, riders will now be verified by its systems, which will cross check the information a rider has already uploaded (stuff like names and phone numbers) against third-party databases to ensure they are who they say they are. If, for whatever reason, you can’t be verified in this way, Uber allows users to upload a photo of a government ID and a selfie, which are then swept into its analysis. Both the ID and the selfie are verified by a “trusted third party.” None of this information is shared with drivers, Uber says. Instead, the driver merely sees whether you’re verified or not. How is Uber planning on protecting the new data that it’s asking you to cough up? The site’s Q&A merely states: “All personal data is safeguarded when stored and transmitted, including by using secure encryption.” That’s nice, but it’s also not super comforting given that Uber has been severely hacked at least three times, and some of its affiliates have also suffered breaches. Again, not every person will have to upload a selfie or an ID to be verified but, for those that do, Uber plans to hold onto their information for quite a long time. Indeed, the picture of your personal ID will remain in its systems for an entire year. The selfie you provided will be retained for three years. Why the company needs to keep a KGB-style dossier on you for that length of time after you’ve already been “verified” is unknown. We reached out to Uber for clarification and will update this post if it responds. Uber has also made it known that it may share your personal information with law enforcement if the cops happen to ask for it. “In accordance with our law enforcement guidelines, Uber will disclose account information to US law enforcement where required by legal process in accordance with the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) and other legal authorities, or in an emergency situation as outlined in our guidelines,” the site states. Again, all of this is optional, but you can obviously imagine a scenario in which you miss out on rides if you aren’t verified. The safest thing for most people to do will be to submit to Uber’s demands. This sort of surveillance is highly normalized today, though you can only imagine what cab riders from the 1990s might have thought if one day the Yellow Cab Company told them they’d have to fork over a government ID, a selfie, their phone number, their banking information, and the geographic itineraries of all of their rides if they ever wanted to step into a vehicle. 
Uber  
          Your furry friend can tag along on your Lyft ride an additional fee of $4.
         
          The big questions left: Which cities and how much?
         
          You can also book a water limo or a boat.
         
          AU10TIX promised to keep user data safe but the company appears to have badly bungled its own security.
         
          The TinyPod brings the iPod's satisfying click-wheel navigation to the watch but its implications for Apple's future could be much bigger.
         
          Minnesota legislators passed a bill guaranteeing increased pay for Uber and Lyft drivers on Sunday that the companies found agreeable.
         We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2024 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved. Mode 
                Follow us
               Mode 
                Follow us
Full Article:Chinese state banks have halted transactions with Russia over fears of getting entangled in US sanctions, but smaller financial institutions are taking their place, Reuters reported on Friday. Some smaller local Chinese banks are still processing payments with Russia because they do not have global businesses to worry about. However, they lack the necessary IT systems and staff to handle cross-border transactions and even need to send hard copies of documents to and from Russia to get them stamped and signed, an anonymous banking source told the news agency. China is a vital trading partner of heavily-sanctioned Russia. Trade between China and Russia surged to a record high of $240 billion in 2023, so keeping payments flowing is important for both sides. Despite the difficulties, Russia — a major commodity exporter — is still receiving payments for its raw materials exports, such as oil and grains, another banking source told Reuters. Its payments for China's key technologies exports are also still getting through. However, small Russian companies — like those in the consumer goods trade — are not so fortunate. Big Chinese state banks are cutting off transactions with Russia "en masse," and billions of yuan in transactions are in limbo — hitting small firms hard, anonymous sources close to the government told Reuters. The Kremlin has acknowledged the issues with trade payments and said it's working with China on solutions. Reuters' story followed recent news from Russian media about hurdles that local companies were having with Chinese banks. Since the invasion of Ukraine, Russia and its trade partners have been getting around sanctions by using smaller banks and other payment modes or non-US-dollar currencies to circumvent the West's ban of some Russian banks from the widely-used SWIFT messaging system. But banks dealing with Russia have been winding their business with the country since December, when the US approved secondary sanctions targeting financial institutions that were helping Russia. Moscow is now rushing to set up alternative payment systems, including crypto, to facilitate trade. Russia and China were even planning to revive the age-old practice of barter trade to get around Western sanctions, Reuters reported last month. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:The broad-based S&P 500 is up around 0.1% after nearing its own all-time high earlier (Reuters) -JPMorgan Chase is talking with Apple about taking over the tech giant's credit-card program from Goldman Sachs, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday. The discussions started earlier this year and have advanced in recent weeks, but a deal could still be months away, the report said, citing people familiar with the matter. Key details, including price, are still to be negotiated. Goldman Sachs declined to comment, while JPMorgan and Apple did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment. Goldman and Apple reportedly pulled the plug last year on their partnership, which included credit cards and savings accounts. The Wall Street giant is facing a costly exit from the partnership that is seen by other lenders as too risky and unprofitable, sources told Reuters in December last year. After its foray into consumer banking flopped, Goldman has refocused on its traditional mainstays - investment banking and trading. The consumer business that CEO David Solomon championed has lost billions of dollars. The card, launched in 2019, was one of the hallmarks of Solomon's consumer banking strategy. But the Wall Street titan, which typically deals with wealthy clients, had little experience with less affluent customers, analysts have said. The two companies granted cards to customers with lower credit scores in an attempt to boost revenue, a source told Reuters last year. The card offered perks like "no fees" and cashback. But Goldman had to set aside bigger provisions for bad loans, leading to higher paper losses for its consumer business. Goldman is also exiting a credit-card partnership with automaker General Motors. Earlier this month, Solomon dismissed the notion that the bank's early exit with GM was messy, saying the bank had anticipated the problems. Investors have supported Goldman's attempt to refocus on its Wall Street operations, pushing its stock up nearly 27% so far this year. (Reporting by Manya Saini and Niket Nishant in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur) Cyprus has given the green light for construction of a 1.9 billion euro ($2.1 billion) undersea electricity cable linking its grid with Greece's, aiming to sharply reduce electricity bills and end its energy isolation, the country's energy minister said Tuesday.  Minister George Papanastasiou said the significance of the project is underscored by the European Union’s decision to fund it with the sum of 657 million euros ($735 million).  Papanastasiou said the cable, expected to be completed by the end of 2029, is part of a series of projects including the planned introduction of natural gas to the island nation's energy mix, that aims to “further accelerate the country's medium-term economic development and the welfare of its citizens." NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are hanging near their records Tuesday, as Wall Street continues to expect relief for the economy to arrive Wednesday through a bigger-than-usual cut to interest rates. The U.N. General Assembly is considering a Palestinian resolution Tuesday demanding that Israel end its “unlawful presence” in Gaza and the occupied West Bank within a year and calling for sanctions and an arms embargo against the country.  It will be put to a vote in the 193-member assembly Wednesday as Israel’s war against Hamas in Gaza approaches its first anniversary and as violence in the West Bank reaches new highs.  The war was triggered by Hamas attacks in southern Israel on Oct. 7. LONDON, September 17, 2024-- FundsDate Ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LR Broad indication in HR+/HER2- stage II and III early breast cancer (EBC) at high risk of recurrence approximately doubles population eligible for CDK4/6 inhibitor adjuvant therapy1,2Kisqali® (ribociclib) significantly reduced the risk of recurrence by 25% vs. endocrine therapy (ET) alone; consistent benefit and a well-tolerated safety profile seen across all subgroups in pivotal Phase III NATALEE trial, including patients with node-negative disease3-6La A man charged in the fatal shooting of a Cleveland police officer has been found incompetent to stand trial.  Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge Ashley Kilbane issued the ruling Monday.  Hardy killed Jamieson Ritter on July 4 as he and other Cleveland officers attempted to arrest him on a felonious assault warrant, authorities have said. After 11 days of searching in the woods of north Laurel County, authorities say they are not close to finding Joseph Couch. They are ‘reallocating’ resources. The bureau of France's National Assembly has validated an impeachment procedure brought by hard-left MPs against President Emmanuel Macron. It's an unprecedented move in France, but it is highly unlikely the head of state will fall. Impeachment proceedings against the French president passed their first round of parliamentary scrutiny Tuesday when the assembly's 22-person committee judged the procedure admissable, voting 12 to 10 in favour.The result of Tuesday's vote came as little surprise, si Wistar’s Altieri lab uncovered the protein’s powerful influence on immune response to tumors.PHILADELPHIA, PA, Sept. 17, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Wistar Institute’s President and CEO, Dario C. Altieri, M.D., and team have demonstrated the role of Parkin — a protein implicated in Parkinson's disease — in the body’s innate immune response to cancer. Parkin is not expressed in several cancers. Dr. Altieri and his team engineered cancer cells to re-express Parkin and found that Parkin contribute A disagreement over who should foot the bill for the work necessary to protect the Chignecto Isthmus has devolved into a war of words between Ottawa, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.On Tuesday, the federal government made public letters from two federal ministers, Dominic LeBlanc and Sean Fraser, blaming premiers Blaine Higgs and Tim Houston for jeopardizing that work by not agreeing to share in the cost to repair or replace the aging dike system. Those structures help protect the stretch of land Ohio stationed state police at Springfield schools Tuesday in response to a rash of bomb threats — the vast majority that officials said came from overseas —- after former President Donald Trump and his running mate, Ohio Sen. JD Vance falsely said legal Haitian immigrants in the small city were eating dogs and cats.  Schools, government buildings and elected officials' homes in Springfield were among the targets of more than 30 hoax threats made last week that forced evacuations and closures. LOUISVILLE, Miss., September 17, 2024--NationsBenefits, the market leader in supplemental benefits and healthcare fintech solutions, today announced a new partnership with the supermarket chain Vowell’s Marketplace, further cementing its mission to enhance member convenience and promote healthier living through cutting-edge, technology-driven solutions by expanding its network of grocery partners. This direct point-of-sale integration is powered by BAS, which is NationsBenefits proprietary item Officers responded to the shooting in the 2900 block of S. Riverside Drive shortly before 9 a.m. Tuesday. Do you have an issue that is troubling you? Our comfortingly grown-up advisors, The Midults, will offer their suggestions to readers’ dilemmas here on Wednesday, September 18, at 5pm. Israel blamed for massive security hack, according to local media Angela Rayner, the deputy prime minister, will hold talks with union bosses and business leaders on Wednesday as the government pursues its ambition of ending "exploitative" zero-hours contracts.  Sky News understands that Ms Rayner, business secretary Jonathan Reynolds and Justin Madders, the employment rights minister, will meet representatives of major business groups including the CBI and FSB as part of Labour's 'Make Work Pay' reforms. G Street, between 25th and 27th streets, was expected to remain blocked through noon. The presidential campaign is moving forward after another apparent attempt on Donald Trump 's life. Trump was safe after the incident in Florida and praised the Secret Service for protecting him but didn't shy away from blaming his opponents. The Republican nominee claimed without evidence that President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris ' comment that he is a threat to democracy had inspired the attempt on Sunday. We recently compiled a list of the 35 Chip Stocks Powering AI Boom. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against the other AI stocks. AI has played a pivotal role in driving growth within the semiconductor market, transforming it into one of the most lucrative […] OK, that Apple Cup win was delicious for the WSU Cougars, but now Jim Moore has a crazy dream of a playoff berth.Full Article:Forbidden Details: cache-bom4727-BOM 1727867999 2393154842 Varnish cache serverFull Article:Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue.Full Article:The official payment watchdog has considerably scaled back proposed rules designed to force banks and payment companies to refund fraud victims. Under the new scheme, victims will be refunded losses of up to £85,000. But the Payment Services Regulator had previously said the maximum would be £415,000. It comes after pressure from financial firms to reduce it to that level, but consumer group Which? said the new plans were "outrageous". When criminals dupe their victims into sending them money by pretending to be a legitimate company, such as a law firm or a tradesman, or by selling goods that do not exist, this is known as authorised push payment fraud. There is currently no requirement for banks to refund victims of this kind of fraud. Although many of them do so voluntarily, others are more reluctant. The new mandatory rules set out by the regulator are scheduled to come into force on 7 October. It is consulting on its scaled-back plans for two weeks, and will give a decision on the final maximum amount of compensation by the end of September. The proposed threshold was brought down after objections from the financial industry that it could cause problems for smaller firms. The proposed new cap would cover more than 99% of claims, the regulator said. Out of more than 250,000 cases in 2023, there were 18 instances of people being scammed for more than £415,000, and 411 instances where they lost more than £85,000. But Which? said it was "outrageous" that vital scam protections were being watered down weeks before they were due to take effect. "This move follows months of lobbying from firms that refuse to take fraud seriously,"  Rocio Concha from Which? said.  It comes after new figures showed that disputes over fraud and scams hit their highest level for at least six years. Thousands of complaints about cases were made to the financial ombudsman between April and June, with nearly half upheld, the organisation said. Banks also warned about people being exposed to potential scams as they organise post-summer life admin. Campaigners say that some people are being exposed to scams as they fill their work and social diaries following a summer break. Being busy and distracted can mean people are less likely to double-check messages are genuine, according to the Take Five to Stop Fraud campaign, run by banking trade body UK Finance. So, the advice is to step back to consider requests for money or personal details before being tricked. The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) deals with unresolved disputes between providers and their customers. It said that consumers lodged 8,734 complaints in April, May and June - the highest three-month total since it started collecting comparable data in 2018. Some fraud victims have inadvertently paid fraudsters via debit and credit cards after spotting supposed investment opportunities on social media, the ombudsman said. Other factors leading to the rise in cases include multiple claims when various banks are involved in the process. Professional claims management companies have also brought an increasing number of cases. Some 44% of complaints about scams and fraud were upheld in consumers' favour by the ombudsman, compared with 37% for other types of gripes. Abby Thomas, chief executive and chief ombudsman of the FOS, said: "Being a victim of a fraud and scam is a horrendous experience - not just financially, but emotionally too. That's why it's disappointing to see complaint levels rising to even higher levels. "We often hear from people embarrassed to have fallen victim to a fraud, but these crimes can be complex and incredibly convincing, and nobody should be afraid to come forward." Wayne Murfet, 41, was "fundamentally dishonest" with buyers to make quick sales, court hears. Frank Sparkes' kits, which contain hot water bottles, follow cuts to the winter fuel payments. Protests at a 10% increase in the energy price cap have taken place in Dover, Crawley and Brighton. A 10% energy price rise has taken effect, meaning annual bills will be £1,717 on average. Typical gas and electricity prices are rising by 10% in England, Scotland and Wales on 1 October. Copyright 2024 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.  Full Article:The Spectator has been sold for £100m to Sir Paul Marshall, a hedge fund tycoon and major investor in GB News. He beat around 20 other bidders to buy the right-leaning magazine, once edited by former Prime Minister Boris Johnson. It went back on sale in April after an Abu Dhabi-backed bid to buy it along with the Daily Telegraph and the Sunday Telegraph collapsed. This came after the government intervened in January. Legislation banning foreign states from owning UK newspapers soon followed. That deal would have transferred the ownership to the Gulf-backed Redbird IMI consortium. The Telegraph newspapers remain for sale, and Sir Paul is also in the running to buy those as he continues his bid to build an empire of right-wing media outlets.  Others thought to be among the bidders include Rupert Murdoch’s News UK and former chancellor Nadhim Zahawi. After the deal was announced, Spectator chairman Andrew Neil said he would resign with immediate effect, having previously stated that hedge funds should not be allowed to own news publications because of the risk of conflict of interest. "I made it clear many months ago that I would step down when a new owner took over. That time has now come," he posted on X, formerly Twitter. The Spectator was established in 1828, making it one of the oldest politics and current affairs magazines in the world. Sir Paul, who is buying the magazine through his Old Queen Street (OQS) media group, said: “As a long-term Spectator reader, I am delighted it is joining the OQS stable.  "The plan is for OQS to make good previous underinvestment in one of the world’s great titles." Sir Paul started work in the City and set up his own hedge fund with business partner Ian Wace in 1997. According to Wace, a "considerable proportion" of the first $50m they had under management came from the famous investor and philanthropist George Soros. Worth an estimated £875m, Sir Paul is not that well known outside the financial and political worlds. He is probably less famous than his son Winston, a former member of the folk-rock band Mumford & Sons. A devout Christian, Sir Paul is also known for his philanthropy, co-founding the children's educational charity ARK, and donating millions to set up the Marshall Institute for Philanthropy and Social Entrepreneurship. In 2016 he was knighted for services to education and philanthropy. Politically, he was a member of the Liberal Democrats for many years, and in 1987 he stood to be an MP for the SDP, a forerunner of the party. By 2016 his allegiance had switched to the Conservative Party and he was a supporter of Brexit, donating £100,000 to the Leave campaign. In 2017 he founded the news website UnHerd, and he has invested tens of millions of pounds in GB News since its launch in 2021. Earlier this year he was accused of liking or reposting tweets that appeared to be anti-Muslim in sentiment. He apologised and said the tweets were not representative of his views, but he was widely criticised. Former Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger said the "hateful ‘likes’ make him unfit to be a media mogul". Current Spectator editor Fraser Nelson told the BBC's World at One programme he felt "pretty confident" about the new owner. "What you want in a proprietor is somebody who is willing to invest, who is willing to have the confidence in what the journalists are doing, and also is willing to protect editorial independence. And there’s not the slightest suggestion that Paul Marshall isn’t willing to do that," he said. "The idea that he’s going to turn it into anything other than the journalistic enterprise which it is is just for the birds." The Spectator and the Telegraph papers were put up for sale last year when they were seized by Lloyds Banking Group from long-time owners the Barclay family, who had failed to pay back a loan of more than £1bn. They were sold to RedBird IMI in a deal which valued the publications at around £600m, before the government intervened and passed legislation, prompting RedBird to halt the takeover and put them back up for sale. As a weekly news publication, the Spectator is not defined as a "newspaper" under the Enterprise Act and therefore does not fall within scope of the culture secretary’s powers to examine media mergers in the public interest. "It is essential that the availability of a wide range of accurate and high-quality news and perspectives can be protected, and that the regime we have in place is equipped to keep up with changes and development in our media landscape," a spokesperson for the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport said. "The culture secretary is now considering recommendations previously put forward by the independent regulator Ofcom on the function of the current regime." Copyright 2024 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.  Full Article:
					
						
						Become a fan of Slashdot on Facebook
 
Nickname:

 
Password:

 
Nickname:

 
Password:

 
The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.
 Visa Debuts New Scheme Designed To Make It Easier For Them To Pilfer Directly From Your Bank Account Close. Ow about: Visa Debuts New Scheme Without Credit Card Leglislated Consumer Protections That's the one for sure. I have no interest in using these kinds of transfers for anything, period for exactly that reason. I have repeatedly chosen service fees over back transfers because of the ability to do chargebacks. Close. Ow about:Visa Debuts New Scheme Without Credit Card Leglislated Consumer ProtectionsIn Europe legalised protections aren't just limited to credit cards. That's why so few people use them here. The debit card is the most common form of payment method, and the most common standard system is Maestro (if you see the logo and wonder why it looks like a Mastercard logo with a different colour, you're well on the way to understand what Visa is trying to do). Close. Ow about: Visa Debuts New Scheme Without Credit Card Leglislated Consumer Protections In Europe legalised protections aren't just limited to credit cards. That's why so few people use them here. The debit card is the most common form of payment method, and the most common standard system is Maestro (if you see the logo and wonder why it looks like a Mastercard logo with a different colour, you're well on the way to understand what Visa is trying to do). Close. Ow about:Visa Debuts New Scheme Without Credit Card Leglislated Consumer ProtectionsIn Europe legalised protections aren't just limited to credit cards. That's why so few people use them here. The debit card is the most common form of payment method, and the most common standard system is Maestro (if you see the logo and wonder why it looks like a Mastercard logo with a different colour, you're well on the way to understand what Visa is trying to do).That and I think a lot of Europeans realise that credit card companies aren't making massive profits from magic, they're skimming as much as they can get away with from each transaction (which is why the EU had to limit it to 1%). Debit cards and cash keep prices down by reducing costs of running a business. Close. Ow about:Visa Debuts New Scheme Without Credit Card Leglislated Consumer ProtectionsIn Europe legalised protections aren't just limited to credit cards. That's why so few people use them here. The debit card is the most common form of payment method, and the most common standard system is Maestro (if you see the logo and wonder why it looks like a Mastercard logo with a different colour, you're well on the way to understand what Visa is trying to do). Close. Ow about: Visa Debuts New Scheme Without Credit Card Leglislated Consumer Protections In Europe legalised protections aren't just limited to credit cards. That's why so few people use them here. The debit card is the most common form of payment method, and the most common standard system is Maestro (if you see the logo and wonder why it looks like a Mastercard logo with a different colour, you're well on the way to understand what Visa is trying to do). That and I think a lot of Europeans realise that credit card companies aren't making massive profits from magic, they're skimming as much as they can get away with from each transaction (which is why the EU had to limit it to 1%). Debit cards and cash keep prices down by reducing costs of running a business. Visa Debuts Another Scheme to Collect Your Financial Data For Resale While Charging For The Privilege The background to this is that while most EU countries have this equivalent already within their own borders (and they're cheaper than MC or Visa) the EU is actively working on a system which covers their entire area, or maybe outside as well (and they should still be cheaper than MC or Visa). Except it's late to the party. The EU isn't just actively working on, they've already chosen the solution and purchased the technology. https://ideal.nl/en/epi-succes... [ideal.nl] iDEAL already does what Visa hopes to do (and it works very well) and has already been selected by the EPI for a EU wide rollout. The background to this is that while most EU countries have this equivalent already within their own borders (and they're cheaper than MC or Visa) the EU is actively working on a system which covers their entire area, or maybe outside as well (and they should still be cheaper than MC or Visa).Yep, same with the UK and it's Faster Payments system. 

Buying a used car, just send the money direct to the sellers account. Need to pay the builder, you can do it before he's even finished a cup of tea. All you need are their account details (Name, Sort Code (Bank ID) and Account no.)... Visa's problem is they're not seeing a penny from this because it completely bypasses their network, ergo can't skim their percentage from every transaction. The background to this is that while most EU countries have this equivalent already within their own borders (and they're cheaper than MC or Visa) the EU is actively working on a system which covers their entire area, or maybe outside as well (and they should still be cheaper than MC or Visa). Yep, same with the UK and it's Faster Payments system. 

Buying a used car, just send the money direct to the sellers account. Need to pay the builder, you can do it before he's even finished a cup of tea. All you need are their account details (Name, Sort Code (Bank ID) and Account no.)... Visa's problem is they're not seeing a penny from this because it completely bypasses their network, ergo can't skim their percentage from every transaction. Visa Debuts New Scheme Designed To Make It Easier For Them To Pilfer Directly From Your Bank AccountCash is king. Visa Debuts New Scheme Designed To Make It Easier For Them To Pilfer Directly From Your Bank Account Cash is king. I'm more worried about losing the protections I get when I use a credit card rather than direct transfer. Plus, the credit card I normally use includes virtual cards, unique to specific web sites, and I can turn on and off in the app at any time. (And if I lose the actual card or it gets compromised, the virtual cards automatically update to the new account number, so I don't have to update anything.) Nice idea to be able to reverser bogus transactions after the fact, but I prefer preventing them to begin with. I'm more worried about losing the protections I get when I use a credit card rather than direct transfer.Also this. Also, cash is king.
Do you know how fast and simple it is to balance my checkbook every month when I don't have a huge sheaf of receipts to enter? I'm more worried about losing the protections I get when I use a credit card rather than direct transfer. Also this. Also, cash is king.
Do you know how fast and simple it is to balance my checkbook every month when I don't have a huge sheaf of receipts to enter? You balance your cheque book?  Wow.  I kind of thought about doing it back in the early 90s, but it was half arsed and I didnâ(TM)t do it properly.  I havenâ(TM)t even seen a cheque for more than a decade.  In fact, Iâ(TM)d be annoyed if somebody even gave me one due to the inconvenience.  I certainly donâ(TM)t know where my last chequebook is, so I won't be writing any. Why are you paying a percentage to transfer money? Depositing cheques/checks is just a transfer with extra steps. Contractors give me their bank account number and sort code, I transfer them then the money.  No fees. How do you pay by cheque on your phone?  Is that just overloading the term? When I used to pay rent, it was via a standing order to transfer directly to the landlord's bank account.  Way more convenient than cheques, and a lot easier to cancel.  I can't think of any landlord in this country who would want cheques, or any renter who would want to write and send them either. Now that I pay a mortgage, that's direct debit from our shared bills account and a standing order for my overpayments. You should probably still audit your accounts though.  Saw a news article where a small business had been being charged $10/month for around 5 years for a service they'd stopped using and supposedly turned off.Other fraudulent stuff happens. Trust me, I do.  I was a victim of identity theft and fraud about 15 years ago, and I keep a sharp eye on my accounts.  About 20 years ago my girlfriend noticed, after several months, that a restaurant somewhere else in the country was quietly taking $10/month.  Since I left N. America in 2009, I've heard far fewer stories of fraud like this. I'm more worried about losing the protections I get when I use a credit card rather than direct transfer.I'm not. This is Europe. You have protections regardless of what payment method you use. There's a reason why so few people use credit cards here. I'm more worried about losing the protections I get when I use a credit card rather than direct transfer. I'm not. This is Europe. You have protections regardless of what payment method you use. There's a reason why so few people use credit cards here. 
With a credit card...I can dispute, etc...and no money leaves my account. 
I can cancel easy on a CC...apparently they can still get to your debit unauthorized...? 
They've tried to send me Visa Debit cards a few times, each time, I send it back and say please only send me an ATM card.....so that when I want to get cash out I can, but I do not wanna give stores or creditors direct access to my bank account funds. 
Not quite sure why people do this....? Some simply don't have the credit for an unsecured debt card (a secured CC is better but most people don't know or care about those) I think also a lot of people simply don't care or don't know how to properly use a credit card, as in you pay it off every month and don't hold a balance.  If you are holding balances on credit cards for most people that means you are "doing it wrong" and it's just easier to not even worry about that by just not using one. Also everybody with a checking account these days gets a  Also everybody with a checking account these days gets a debit card, it's right there ready to be used.
Truist, then SunTrust, once tried to "upgrade" my ATM card to a Debit card.  I talked to my branch manager and tried to decline but was told that the bank had discontinued ATM-only cards when they switched providers (from VISA to MC, or the other way can't remember) -- the provider offered them, but SunTrust didn't want them in favor of ATM/Debit cards.  Anyway, I wrote to the president of SunTrust and complained, hard and in detail -- and, apparently, I wasn't the only one.  I got a call from his secretar  Also everybody with a checking account these days gets a debit card, it's right there ready to be used. 
Trust, then SunTrust, once tried to "upgrade" my ATM card to a Debit card.  I talked to my branch manager and tried to decline but was told that the bank had discontinued ATM-only cards when they switched providers (from VISA to MC, or the other way can't remember) -- the provider offered them, but SunTrust didn't want them in favor of ATM/Debit cards.  Anyway, I wrote to the president of SunTrust and complained, hard and in detail -- and, apparently, I wasn't the only one.  I got a call from his secretar  Interesting, I have not even been given the option between those when I was at Wachovia or Wells Fargo or my current credit union, it's always been a combined ATM/Debit card, i just rarely if ever use it that way. They really need to teach how credit cards work in schools, I have inlaws with 5 figure credit card balances, its maddness. > you pay it off every month If you can do that then you have no need of a credit card.  They are used to *extend* what you have in your account when needed, like for car repairs etc.  Then you pay as much as possible every time you can to clear the debt, perhaps almsot ALL of the balance, maybe just 25 or 50% or whatever as your means allow every month. The issue rises when you have to use it every month, if that is the case then you clearly didnt have enough money coming in in the first place. Other issue  Yeah but any financial advisor will tell you riding a balance on a CC with a 15%+ interest rate is a terrible use of money.  yes it's there to leverage for emergencies but thats just it, emergencies.  If you have any headroom at all there are far better ways to get a loan for some cash.  Hell if you already have the score my credit union will give a personal loan with a rate half of that, to say nothing of a HELOC or other similar offerings. If you have to ride a balance on CC you basically dont have the mon  With a credit card...I can dispute, etc...and no money leaves my account.What part of "making it easier for people to reverse direct debit transactions and get their money back" doesn't satisfy your requirement? With a credit card...I can dispute, etc...and no money leaves my account. What part of "making it easier for people to reverse direct debit transactions and get their money back" doesn't satisfy your requirement? The part that the "reverse" is a legal right for CCs, and not for debit. The UK and EU has the concept of "direct debit", where a vendor can take money directly from your bank account - that is what Visa is competing with here. "Direct debit" is also protected with a "Direct Debit Guarantee", which is a legal right to reverse the charge on demand to your bank. So, in places with proper financial laws, yes that is already a right. And that is why people in these countries use Direct Debit so frequently - because it has decent protections, and is also convenient to use. UK: https://www.directdebit.co.uk/...  [directdebit.co.uk]  The Guarantee only protects your Direct Debit payments. It doesn’t cover you if you have a dispute with the biller, or the company goes into administration. Also, CC providers have to reverse the charge straight away and then investigate the consumer's claim. Not so for DD (UK, again): My bank won’t refund me, what can I do?If you believe your claim should be covered by the Guarantee, and your bank or building society won’t refund you, you should contact Biller disputes are also covered by very strong consumer protection laws. The fact you don't get your money back "straight away" is not relevant. Also if you're worried or doing something sketchy, use a credit card if it tickles you the right way. It's still an option in many places. But the reality is that the overwhelming super majority of transactions you will ever make are entirely safe. If I am in a situation today where I need to reverse a charge, it will amount to about 0.0082% of transactions I've ma  where a vendor can take money directly from your bank account - that is what Visa is competing with here.Not quite. Visa is competing with the European Payments Initiative. This is a system which will sit on top of direct debit infrastructure but still involves a middleman - iDEAL. Vendors get money from iDEAL and iDEAL clears the transfer with the bank. The vendor actually doesn't have access to the bank account or bank details.I actually like the name iDEAL since it is sort of the ideal implementation of the online purchasing system we were promised back in the dotcom bubble. Remember the days where they sai  where a vendor can take money directly from your bank account - that is what Visa is competing with here. Not quite. Visa is competing with the European Payments Initiative. This is a system which will sit on top of direct debit infrastructure but still involves a middleman - iDEAL. Vendors get money from iDEAL and iDEAL clears the transfer with the bank. The vendor actually doesn't have access to the bank account or bank details. I actually like the name iDEAL since it is sort of the ideal implementation of the online purchasing system we were promised back in the dotcom bubble. Remember the days where they sai     What part of "making it easier for people to reverse direct debit transactions and get their money back" doesn't satisfy your requirement?  The fact that press releases and reality rarely merge in the USA, and the abject disbelief that Visa/Mastercard would institute anything with the genuine aim of helping the average customer. Anyone who has lived here for any length of time immediately starts looking for the real motivation, because we know there is one, and it is not the one that they are telling us that 
They've tried to send me Visa Debit cards a few times, each time, I send it back and say please only send me an ATM card...
I had to write to the President of my bank to get my ATM-only card back after my bank "upgraded" me to an ATM/Debit card, as noted here [slashdot.org].  I have the same objections to debit cards as you noted...  As for why people use them, I guess if your only alternative is a check, then maybe a debit card is acceptable, but if you have a CC and pay it off every month, then no. 
They've tried to send me Visa Debit cards a few times, each time, I send it back and say please only send me an ATM card... 
I had to write to the President of my bank to get my ATM-only card back after my bank "upgraded" me to an ATM/Debit card, as noted here [slashdot.org].  I have the same objections to debit cards as you noted...  As for why people use them, I guess if your only alternative is a check, then maybe a debit card is acceptable, but if you have a CC and pay it off every month, then no. I used to always get an ATM that could not be used as a debit card. Then my credit union changed the new ATM card into a debit card as well. I went to the credit union and demanded an ATM Only card. It was quite humorous. First it was explained it was impossible. I pointed out my previous card was an ATM Only card. They looked at me incredulously and explained the wonders of a debit card. I looked at them incredulously and explained the wonders of an ATM Only card. Hmmmm....much consternation amongst the cr  I'd rather NOT have all these people with direct access to my cash in my bank account...With a credit card...I can dispute, etc...and no money leaves my account.You're applying American sensibilities and American legal protections where they aren't relevant. People don't have direct access to your account using a system like what visa is proposing. Nor do they with the existing systems that are already used in Europe. And you can dispute debit transactions as well. In Europe consumers have legal protections, not corporate protections granted at the whim of Visa / Mastercard / American Express.apparently they can still get to your debit unauthorized...?Who can an in what way? Be specific, because it sounds like you're talkin  I'd rather NOT have all these people with direct access to my cash in my bank account...With a credit card...I can dispute, etc...and no money leaves my account. You're applying American sensibilities and American legal protections where they aren't relevant. People don't have direct access to your account using a system like what visa is proposing. Nor do they with the existing systems that are already used in Europe. And you can dispute debit transactions as well. In Europe consumers have legal protections, not corporate protections granted at the whim of Visa / Mastercard / American Express. apparently they can still get to your debit unauthorized...?Who can an in what way? Be specific, because it sounds like you're talkin  apparently they can still get to your debit unauthorized...? Who can an in what way? Be specific, because it sounds like you're talkin  E-transfer from one account to another using a linked email account is easy enough for paying or receiving payment.  No idea how the backend works between different banks but it does work. I don't know about American creditncard protections, but AmEx in Europe makes it very easy to challenge charges paid with their cards, and I have successfully used it to claw back my money on several occasions as well as dispute card fraud with stolen cc number a bunch of times.

Unfortunately I've heard Mastercard and VISA don't offer equivalent service.Erm... if you've had your credit card stolen several times, you probably need to look at the way you're using/keeping it.

Not sure about the EU but with the UK you can challenge any activity you think is fraudlent and if it is, the bank will refund you. I'd be very surprised if the EU isn't as stringent. I don't know about American creditncard protections, but AmEx in Europe makes it very easy to challenge charges paid with their cards, and I have successfully used it to claw back my money on several occasions as well as dispute card fraud with stolen cc number a bunch of times.

Unfortunately I've heard Mastercard and VISA don't offer equivalent service. Erm... if you've had your credit card stolen several times, you probably need to look at the way you're using/keeping it.

Not sure about the EU but with the UK you can challenge any activity you think is fraudlent and if it is, the bank will refund you. I'd be very surprised if the EU isn't as stringent. What I like about American credit card protections and how our laws work virtually all of the security requirements are put on to the banks and the businesses and not the consumer.That doesn't stop them from coming after you anyway.  One XMas I bought a toy for a nephew through an eBay lookalike site.  The price was $150 and lower than the $200 I could find everywhere else.  I Paypalled the seller the $150 and received the toy.  Two months later I get letters from Cabela's that I owe them over $200.  So I called them to see what it was all about.  They said they hadn't been paid for the item, to which I replied "But I didn't buy it from you."  Turns out the person I had bought the to  What I like about American credit card protections and how our laws work virtually all of the security requirements are put on to the banks and the businesses and not the consumer. That doesn't stop them from coming after you anyway.  One XMas I bought a toy for a nephew through an eBay lookalike site.  The price was $150 and lower than the $200 I could find everywhere else.  I Paypalled the seller the $150 and received the toy.  Two months later I get letters from Cabela's that I owe them over $200.  So I called them to see what it was all about.  They said they hadn't been paid for the item, to which I replied "But I didn't buy it from you."  Turns out the person I had bought the to  Personally, and I could be shown data that changes my mind on this, but I really feel like the real "scam" here is payment processors charging a percentage at all.  For them, outside the risk factor on a large purchase, what is the functional difference in processing a payment for 1$ veruss $1000? Why shouldn't every transaction be a flat fee and maybe a an additional "risk insurance fee" for large purchases over a certian amount in case of fraud or chargebacks. It just seems a little criminal if I buy somet  Yeah you as the consumer can work around that and if you don't eat the fee in the end you have no reason to think about it.  It's more on a structural level I have the issue, that the percentage taking is effectively rent-seeking-behavior as everyone has to use a processor these days and it has an overall chilling effect on the entire financial system. As you said at his point payment processing is not an optional thing anymore, it's expected to the point of being a requirement so at that point it either nee  Visa doesn't allow them to offer discounts when someone is paying by cash or debit cardI believe that federal law allows merchants to offer a discount for paying with cash, checks or debit cards. This was part of the Durbin Amendment [thomsonreuters.com] to the 2010 Dodd Frank Act. State law regulates whether a business can levy a surcharge for paying with a credit card - some states allow surcharges, some do not. Visa doesn't allow them to offer discounts when someone is paying by cash or debit card I believe that federal law allows merchants to offer a discount for paying with cash, checks or debit cards. This was part of the Durbin Amendment [thomsonreuters.com] to the 2010 Dodd Frank Act. State law regulates whether a business can levy a surcharge for paying with a credit card - some states allow surcharges, some do not. Thanks.  So, it appears 4 states don't allow merchants to add surcharge for credit card fees, but all allow discounts for cash, as long the both prices are displayed.  I assume a blanket statement in several prominent places noting "3% Cash/Debit Discount" may suffice to not have to have two prices on every item. Of note, however, is that Visa, for instance, requires you to let them know 30 days in advance before you start charging extra for CC fees, and a site I read notes that you may then become more pron  Merchants incur added costs associated with cash as well. Additional accounting, risk of theft and counterfeiting, making bank deposits, etc. Plenty of merchants (generally high-traffic areas like airports, stadiums, etc.) decide that the risk/cost of handling cash isn't worth it and have moved to card only payments. The security requirements on mandated on the banks and businesses, but you surely can't be so naive as to not recognize you are the one that ends up paying for it. Than American credit card protections. What I like about American credit card protections and how our laws work virtually all of the security requirements are put on to the banks and the businesses and not the consumer.Yes credit card protections are less, but debit protections are much more. The onus still very much rests on the bank to prevent fraud which is why no one in Europe gives a shit about credit cards. The banks and businesses still have all the risk in Europe, without relying on some shady corporate middleman to promise you safety.If I use my debit card and get ripped off I can dispute the charge with my bank, and if I do get legit ripped off I'm probably going to win that dispute soon. I only use my credit ca  Than American credit card protections. What I like about American credit card protections and how our laws work virtually all of the security requirements are put on to the banks and the businesses and not the consumer. Yes credit card protections are less, but debit protections are much more. The onus still very much rests on the bank to prevent fraud which is why no one in Europe gives a shit about credit cards. The banks and businesses still have all the risk in Europe, without relying on some shady corporate middleman to promise you safety. If I use my debit card and get ripped off I can dispute the charge with my bank, and if I do get legit ripped off I'm probably going to win that dispute soon. I only use my credit ca  > Because I know that if I use my credit card and I get ripped off I can dispute the charge and I'm probably going to win that dispute. Thats the protection you get from debit cards, and it is quicker and more fluid than with a CC as with a CC you must "provide evidence" blah blah but with Debit card transactions it all done by a simple phone call to the bank. Over 10 years in Sweden, almost 10 years in Poland... I guess in other countries as well.. Yes, SEPA transfers exist since 2008 and SEPA direct debit since 2009. In Germany direct debit has been established in 1964. This new method by VISA will flop here. Nobody will want to use it. This isn't competing with SEPA. It's competing with the EPI (European Payments Initiative) - a new thing that is being promoted by the EC. It'll flop because Europe has already made a decision on this and already acquired the companies it needs to begin rollout. Do we get rewards points/miles/cash back with this? Is the recipient of the funds going to be paying a transaction fee? Basically, it sounds like what PayPal already is doing. All my subscriptions are PayPal these days. I just keep the account funded with a minimal amount per month and the subscriptions each have their discrete authorization for recurring payments which I can cancel at any time from a single management portal. Basically, it sounds like what PayPal already is doing.Yes and no. Yes one function of PayPal does this, but otherwise PayPal is quite different, it's tied to your PayPal account (who are their own registered bank) and not to your actual bank.What this is sounds like what the European Payments Initiative are doing. Effectively a competitor to iDEAL - a system which clears direct debit transactions without sharing bank account details between parties and can be used online. Basically, it sounds like what PayPal already is doing. Yes and no. Yes one function of PayPal does this, but otherwise PayPal is quite different, it's tied to your PayPal account (who are their own registered bank) and not to your actual bank. What this is sounds like what the European Payments Initiative are doing. Effectively a competitor to iDEAL - a system which clears direct debit transactions without sharing bank account details between parties and can be used online. Sorry, VISA, M/C, and AMEX get too much money and data on your transactions. Having fallen victim to two cases of identity fraud over the last three years I for one do not want a so-called service that makes it easier to take or transfer funds from my bank accounts. Frankly, the so-called transaction fees for these assholes need to be limited by law to no more than .5% on the transaction. After all, the banks who issue the cards are taking the risk here, not them. And if your asking, yes I did have Lifelock at the time but they're as useful as tits on a bull when it comes to this stuff, if you can get in contact with somebody at their company. 



Since Norton acquired them, they've gone to shit. The banks issuing the card get most of the fees.  They then pay about 0.10% to 0.20% back to Visa/MC (in the US, at least) It's hard to compare. You ultimately end up paying for the banks and card processors to absorb the costs associated with you being able to dispute charges. Also people paying cash or debit pay the costs associated with you being able to dispute charges. At least in places that don't charge you more to use a credit card. Besides, banks are much better equipped than you to prevent or reverse or recover bad transactions. So, what do you use instead? Cash? That would save cash perhaps but seeing as so many places simply cant handle it anymore.  PLus you cant use cash online. "Static direct debits, for example, require advance notice of any changes to the amount taken, meaning you have to either cancel the direct debit and set up a new one or carry out a one-off transfer. With Visa A2A, consumers will be able to set up variable recurring payments (VRP), a new type of payment that allows people to make and manage recurring payments of varying amounts." Direct debits already work flexibly. My phone and credit card bills are paid by direct debit . They have a different amount each m  I would much rather see a system where I initiate the transfer of funds with my bank, or with my credit provider, to the merchant's trading account and receive a proof-of-payment token that I can provide (electronically) to the merchant and they can verify, that does NOT give them the ability to initiate any future transaction.Both have a place in the world, and in reality most systems which support recurring transactions support single transactions as well. Subscription systems for recurring payments need to exist, otherwise handling payment invoices on a monthly basis would suuuuuck. Can you imagine, 2nd day of the month getting your letter from Netflix, Disney+, HBO, ESPN, ISP, etc etc etc asking you to manually transfer small amounts?The whole process of providing my credit card number or bank account details to some merchant that can then lose control of them, or themselves make unauthorized transactions, and that I have to keep a watch for... is just idiotic.Fortunately the whole point of this seems to be that you do *not* provide your credit card or  I would much rather see a system where I initiate the transfer of funds with my bank, or with my credit provider, to the merchant's trading account and receive a proof-of-payment token that I can provide (electronically) to the merchant and they can verify, that does NOT give them the ability to initiate any future transaction. Both have a place in the world, and in reality most systems which support recurring transactions support single transactions as well. Subscription systems for recurring payments need to exist, otherwise handling payment invoices on a monthly basis would suuuuuck. Can you imagine, 2nd day of the month getting your letter from Netflix, Disney+, HBO, ESPN, ISP, etc etc etc asking you to manually transfer small amounts? The whole process of providing my credit card number or bank account details to some merchant that can then lose control of them, or themselves make unauthorized transactions, and that I have to keep a watch for... is just idiotic.Fortunately the whole point of this seems to be that you do *not* provide your credit card or  The whole process of providing my credit card number or bank account details to some merchant that can then lose control of them, or themselves make unauthorized transactions, and that I have to keep a watch for... is just idiotic. Fortunately the whole point of this seems to be that you do *not* provide your credit card or  It should also be immediate, none of this "days 3 days" crap as I know people who pay bills like this who are totally unable to manage the balance in their account as they call up a company and pay the bill only for the actual extraction of funds to take several days, during which time they have SPENT the money thinking that is is WAHT WAS LEFT resulting in the transaction failing and them getting a call and so on. How'd these guys somehow get away with avoiding all credit card fees? We have full protections for debit transactions in Europe already. The onus rests on the banks, no need to get Visa or Mastercard or any other worthless middleman involved. They want to nip FedNow in the bud so that they can continue to charge exorbitant transaction fees. If they aren't sucessful, they'll lose a significant cash cow. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FedNowhttps://www.frbservices.org/financial-services/fednow Paper checks are dangerous to use, so something with low transactions fees needs to replace them. "Paper checks are dangerous to use" Given the number of times my credit cards have been hacked I'd disagree with that. At the risk of tempting fate my checks have never been a problem. The real issue is that banks don't like handling the checks. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. OpenAI Considering Monthly Subscription Prices as High as $2000 for New AI Models Bluetooth Upgrade Boosts Precision Tracking and Device Efficiency I have a very small mind and must live with it.
		-- E. DijkstraFull Article:Last week, JPMorgan Chase announced that it would be seeking to limit junior bankers' work hours to 80 per week to tackle concerns over unhealthy working conditions. Now, the bank seems to be showing it means business by tapping an investment banker turned HR executive to enforce its new rules. In a memo obtained by CNBC, JPMorgan said it named managing director Ryland McClendon to be the investment bank's "associate and analyst leader," a role it created to oversee the "well being and success" of its junior investment bankers. The appointment comes amid growing concerns about the work life of junior investment bankers following the death of Leo Lukenas, a 35-year-old Bank of America associate who died of acute coronary artery thrombus, which is a type of blood clot. Lukenas reportedly complained leading up to his death about an exhausting work schedule, including 100-hour work weeks. Little is known so far about McClendon, an HR exec who has been at JPMorgan for about 14 years, or how she plans to tackle her new role. JPMorgan declined to make her available for an interview. In an effort to understand McClendon's potential approach to the position, BI put together everything we could find publicly about her background and JPM's plans for the job. Here's what we know. Efforts to protect junior bankers have failed in the past, and skepticism continues to be raised over the latest guardrails introduced by JPMorgan and Bank of America. Earlier this week, however, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon offered the first concrete hints about how his bank's program might work. "We actually hired someone who is going to do nothing but manage the analyst and stuff so they can actually track it," Dimon revealed at a Georgetown University financial conference, presumably referring to McClendon. He suggested that the first priority will be tracking hours and ensuring they are accurately reported. "First of all, we want kids to tell the truth," he said. "Some kids are saying they work more hours than they do. Some kids are saying they work less hours than they do so they get more work." Another priority, he said, will be to "teach" senior bankers — who manage the analysts and associates — how to dole out assignments so junior bankers aren't left scrambling to get things done at the last minute, especially on weekends. "So a lot of investment bankers — they've been traveling all week. They come home, they give you four assignments, and you gotta work all weekend. It's just not right," he said, adding, "Assignments should be given out by Wednesday, not on Friday night." Lastly, Dimon called for consequences for senior bankers who don't take the new policies seriously. That means standing up to them with the message that "You're violating, you gotta stop," he said, adding, "And it will be in your bonus – so people know we actually really mean it." McClendon grew up near Atlanta, Georgia with her parents and three siblings. Her father was an investment banker, and her mother was a longtime public administrator. Her dad, Raymond J. McClendon, ran the Atlanta investment firm Pryor, McClendon, Counts and Co., which helped the city of Atlanta raise money through the sale of bonds for what is now the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, according to news reports from the early 1990s. The firm also helped finance the city's MARTA public metro system, which McClendon's mother later helped lead. McClendon's mother, also named Ryland, was named the first Black person and the first woman to chair Atlanta's public transit system board of directors in the early 1990s. Before that, she was a transit aide to Washington D.C. mayor Marion Barry. In a 2023 episode of JPMorgan's "Women on the Move" podcast, McClendon said her career path has been heavily influenced by her parents. "I went to Duke. I majored in econ and public policy. And where did that come from? The strong influence of my parents." McClendon also said on the podcast that she enjoys solving particularly tricky problems. "I'm the person that loves logic puzzles and Sudoku and all those things. So like, the hairier the problem, the more excited I get," she said on the podcast. After graduating from Duke in 2007, McClendon started working at SunTrust's investment banking arm: SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, according to her LinkedIn. There, she said on the JPM podcast, she had her own experiences feeling frustrated as a junior banker. "When I started, the market was like this, it was 2007. Then it crashed, so we were all just happy to have jobs," she said. But after the labor market had started to thaw, "nobody was talking to us about getting promoted. It got to a point where it's really frustrating and everybody just said, 'Oh, keep doing what you're doing and it'll come.' And that just didn't sit well with me." About three and a half years into that job, McClendon explained, she met a JPMorgan banker at a client meeting in Florida. "About a month later, she called me up and said, "Hey, we've got an associate role in our Atlanta office. Are you interested?" And I said, sure. And so I interviewed and got the role." That role was in JPM's corporate banking & specialized industries team, where she began as an associate in 2010 and stayed for nearly seven years. In 2017, she moved to the firm's talent team and headed campus recruiting for the commercial bank, citing "organizational changes" and learning that a promotion in banking might be further off than she had hoped. "There were some organizational changes happening, and I said, okay, this feels like a good time to kind of put some feelers out there, look at some other things, which I did," she said on the JPM podcast. "I had to silence my ego a little bit. I was on this path … a third-year VP in corporate banking. I was this close, I felt like, to getting my own clients," she said. "It wasn't easy, and it did hurt." She recalled calling up her mentor at the time, who she described as the "head of the business." "He said, you know, this is a long haul and there's some skills that kind of put you in the middle of the pack that you may not get there in the timeframe you want to get there in. And he said, I'm saying this to you not to make you feel bad. I'm saying this to you because I love you and I care about you. I really had to listen. As much as it hurt, I kind of just had to let go," she said, adding, "And I'm so glad that I did because it put me on a path to doing work that was more fulfilling for me personally and professionally and stretched me in different ways." In 2019 McClendon became head of career development programs. About two years later, she got a big call from the then-head of diversity and inclusion for the investment bank, who told her she had already recommended McClendon to replace her. She was indeed chosen for the role in 2021. Past reports describe McClendon's mom as someone skilled in "forming coalitions" and getting other people to her side — skills the junior McClendon appears to also have practiced in her role as the head of diversity, equity, and inclusion for corporate and investment banking at JPMorgan. In the 2023 podcast, McClendon said she likes to use storytelling as a tool to educate because it can be more effective than numbers alone. She explained that when presenting to a group, for example, she likes to "strategically" insert stories in with raw data to make an impression. "They can remember maybe one or two facts and figures, but what's really going to move them, what they're going to be talking about months and even years from now is the stories that they hear," she said. During the podcast, she went on to share a particularly defining experience she witnessed as a young child in her "predominantly white" neighborhood — a neighbor approached her then-teenaged older brother with a gun in front of their home after jumping to the conclusion that the teen was trying to steal her father's car. "My mom, fortunately, was upstairs and looked out the window and saw it. And so she raced downstairs, ran out the front door screaming my brother's name so that the guy would know, he lives here, we know him, this is not what you think it is. I was a young child at the time, but it was really eye-opening for me," she said. The point, she said, is to use stories to bring people into each others' worlds and experiences — a tool she could use in her role as junior banker protector. "Storytelling is the most powerful tool we can use," she said. Jump to Full Article:For the first time since launching her presidential campaign, Vice President Kamala Harris has affirmed her support for legalizing marijuana at the federal level. "We have come to a point where we have to understand that we need to legalize it and stop criminalizing this behavior," Harris said on an episode of the "All the Smoke" podcast released on Monday. It's a stance that puts her ahead of where President Joe Biden has been on the issue. While the Biden administration initiated a process earlier this year to reclassify marijuana as a less harmful drug, and has issued thousands of pardons for marijuana-related offenses, Biden has not called for fully legalizing the drug. Harris has long supported legalizing marijuana, including introducing legislation as a senator to legalize the drug nationwide and expunge nonviolent marijuana-related offenses. Marijuana legalization would have significant economic implications. According to the Marijuana Policy Project, states collected more than $4 billion in tax revenue from the industry in 2023. "This is not a new position for me," Harris said on the podcast. "I have felt for a long time we need to legalize it, so that's where I am on that." Vice President Harris: I feel strongly people should not be going to jail for smoking weed. We need to legalize it pic.twitter.com/vDCdWOdlRD Yet prior to this week, it was unclear whether Harris continued to hold that position as her party's new standard-bearer. She had not publicly commented on the issue since launching her campaign, her issues page did not include any mention of marijuana, and her running mate, Gov. Tim Walz of Minnesota, had dodged a question on the issue earlier this month. Democratic Rep. Jim Himes of Connecticut, a key sponsor of "safe banking" legislation to enable banks to work with marjiuana businesses, told Business Insider last week that he didn't "know where she is on this issue." Meanwhile, former President Donald Trump has signaled some level of support for marijuana legalization, declaring that he would vote for for a ballot measure to legalize recreational marijuana use in Florida while signaling support for safe banking laws. Legalizing marijuana is popular with the American public. A 2023 Gallup poll found that 70% of Americans — including a bare majority of Republicans — thought the drug should be legal. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:
    Replacing out-of-warranty iPhone batteries is getting more expensive with the latest models.
   It'll cost more to replace the battery on the iPhone 16 Pro than its predecessor. Apple is raising the price of battery replacements for its new iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max phones to $119, up $20 from the current cost for the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. The cost to replace an out-of-warranty battery on an entry-level iPhone 16 model will remain $99, according to Apple's website. The changes only apply to iPhone customers who are not members of the AppleCare Plus service repair program, which can provide up to three years of coverage on various fixes. Newly purchased Apple devices traditionally come with a one-year warranty. The batteries in the latest iPhone 16 lineup are larger in size to optimize longer-lasting battery life, according to Apple.  The company has adjusted the price of its battery replacements over the years. In 2018, it famously dropped the cost from $79 to $29 following the controversy known as Batterygate, when the company intentionally slowed down older phones. It bumped the cost back up to $99 in 2022 and made other price changes across its lines, too. In January 2023, for example, batteries for the MacBook Air models increased $30 to $159. The latest price increase comes as Apple faces intense pressure to convince people to buy new iPhones amid stagnant sales. The company is banking on interest around its Apple Intelligence features and advanced camera capabilities to entice users to upgrade at a time when they're holding onto devices for longer.  The new devices hit shelves on Friday. Check out all the best deals here.Full Article:Our expert deal-hunting staff showcases the best price drops and discounts from reputable sellers daily. If you make a purchase using our links, CNET may earn a commission.  
    A password manager can help protect your data by generating safe, secure passwords that are harder to hack.
   From medical appointments to shopping to banking, our lives are online. Which means we're constantly accessing different sites that require different passwords, putting us at risk for data leaks. The best way to keep your data and accounts safe online is to have secure passwords, but it can be difficult to keep track of the many variations you need. That's why a password manager can be a great choice. One of our favorites, Dashlane, is currently offering 35% off their Premium plan with the offer code SEPT35.  It's easy to fall into the trap of using the same or similar password because, quite frankly, it's exhausting trying to remember them all. And keeping track can be complicated, especially because every login seems to have different password requirements. Password management software can solve this problem by generating safe and secure passwords on your behalf.  Dashlane was reviewed by CNET writer and reviewer Attila Tomaschek, who found Dashlane to be the best password manager for families.  Hey, did you know? CNET Deals texts are free, easy and save you money. The Dashlane Premium plan is normally priced at $5 per month, which makes it $60 per year. Enter promo code SEPT35 at checkout and it knocks $21 off the price, bringing it down to just $38 for an entire year. The Premium plan includes unlimited passwords and passkeys on unlimited devices, secure sharing, dark web monitoring, real-time phishing alerts and passwordless login. It also includes access to a VPN service, though it's worth noting this VPN service did not make our list of best VPNs. Full Article:JPMorgan Chase has created a new global role to oversee junior bankers and analysts and prevent overwork. Ryland McClendon is the newly appointed global investment banking associate and analyst leader, according to an internal memo from earlier this month seen by Reuters. The firm has employed McClendon for just under 14 years, most recently as a managing director involved in talent and career development and previously as an investment banker. Per Reuters, the JPMorgan memo said that McClendon's duty in her new post would be to support the "well-being and success" of associates and analysts, two of the more junior positions in investment banking. The change comes amid heightened scrutiny over Wall Street's culture of long hours, high workloads, and burnout, especially for early-level career employees. The death of a 35-year-old Bank of America associate in May, which was deemed to be caused by a blood clot, sparked renewed concern regarding working conditions. JPMorgan recently capped junior bankers' working time at 80 hours a week, with certain exceptions, including during a live deal. BofA is introducing a timekeeping tool to track junior bankers who are deemed to be overworking; those working more than 80 hours a week are flagged to human resources.  Business Insider contacted JPMorgan for comment but didn't immediately hear back. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:Donald Trump dodged another bullet this weekend when a second assassination attempt against him was foiled at his golf course in West Palm Beach. In an apparent show of resilience on Monday, Trump appeared on Elon Musk’s X Spaces to discuss his upcoming crypto project. This summer, Trump and his sons announced a new crypto business, the details of which have been slowly trickling out. Dubbed World Liberty Financial, the project is a DeFi platform for trading that will soon release a native governance token, WLFI. Monday’s conversation was ostensibly meant to reveal new details about the nascent business, although Trump, himself, shared little in the way of clarity on the subject, preferring to do his usual schtick. For the majority of the 40-ish minutes in which he was present Monday, Trump fixated on several familiar campaign subjects, including evil leftists, “Comrade Kamala,” the “destruction” of the United States via illegal immigration, and the premise that if he didn’t win in November, America would become “Venezuela on steroids.” Trump also spoke about the recent almost-shooting that disrupted his golf game, quipping: “I would’ve liked to have sunk that last putt.” On the subject of the repeated murder attempts against him, he added: “There’s something going on. I mean, perhaps it’s God wanting me to be President to save this country.” He also seemed to reveal information that hadn’t previously been released, noting that it was a civilian woman who initially spotted the would-be shooter and reported him. With some prodding from the moderator, Trump finally pivoted to the topic of the crypto industry, expressing vague excitement for it and blaming the Biden-Harris administration for whatever regulatory hostility crypto companies are currently facing. Not long after praising NFTs and slamming the SEC, he left. The conversation did not end there, however. Instead, Trump’s offspring and business partners continued to perpetuate the chat in a vague and rambling fashion for a period of some two hours. Near the end of this dialogue, the speakers did, finally, reveal some details about the project, the most pertinent of which involved the partitioning of its assets. 20 percent of the project’s tokens will be reserved for the founding team, said founder Zak Folkman, while 17 percent of the tokens will be put aside for “user rewards.” The remaining 63 percent of the assets will be made available for accredited members of the public to purchase. There will be no pre-sales (the practice whereby tokens are sold to early investors before an initial coin offering), said Folkman. It’s still somewhat unclear when the initial sale of WLFI will actually happen. World Liberty Financial was previously criticized after a Coindesk report claimed the project would involve an unusually unequal ratio of public to private tokens. In general, crypto projects will release a majority of their minted tokens to the public via a sale, while retaining a small percentage of the assets for insiders and investors (Ethereum, for example, kept about 16 percent of its initial ETH tokens for itself). By comparison, World Liberty Financial may have originally planned to retain 70 percent of the project’s “governance” crypto tokens for “the founders, team, and service providers,” according to a leaked white paper cited by Coindesk. Meanwhile, a mere 30 percent of said tokens were going to be sold off via a public sale. Outside of the slim details provided, the rest of Monday night was a cacophony of bro-banter and backslapping, with a significant aggregate of web3 PR-speak traded and circulated. Much more than his father, Don Jr. managed to coherently frame the raison d’être of the family’s new enterprise. With his typical Kendall-Roy-on-coke energy, the Trump spawn characterized DeFi as a safe space for financial “freedom” amidst a morass of bureaucratic corruption and red tape. Banking has “become politicized,” he claimed, and crypto and DeFi takes “that political component out of it.” According to the Trumps, the world of crypto isn’t—as some onlookers have frequently characterized it—a predatory milieu in which wealthy con artists take advantage of (and monetize) the hopes and dreams of financially illiterate lower- and middle-class investors, but rather a bold technological space that can democratize finance and make traditional gatekeepers irrelevant. However, some details revealed Monday would appear to undercut the purportedly democratic nature of the project. Fortune notes that by “only making the token available to accredited investors (those with a net worth over $1 million), the project” would seem to fail its own “apparent mission of helping the underserved obtain loans.” However, this practice will likely allow the platform to “qualify for a key SEC exemption that allows companies to issue unregistered securities,” the outlet writes. After two hours of listening, it’s honestly still not clear what the purpose of this project is or how investors are supposed to make money from it. Over the weekend, Bloomberg published a story on one of the project’s more controversial figures, a former get-rich-quick class instructor named Chase Herro. Before coming on board with World Liberty Financial, Herro is said to have dabbled in a number of odd businesses (including a “colon cleanse” weight loss product), and had previously referred to himself as a “dirtbag of the internet.” Herro seems straight out of Trumpworld central casting, though he has done one thing that makes him really notable. Bloomberg quotes a YouTube video published by Herro in 2018, in which he said, of crypto: “You can literally sell shit in a can, wrapped in piss, covered in human skin, for a billion dollars if the story’s right, because people will buy it.” When it comes to laudable achievements, Herro may outshine any other member of the World Liberty team purely by virtue of the fact that he hatched this particular metaphor. As far as can be discerned, it is one of the most honest and apt descriptions of the cryptocurrency in existence. 
Cryptocurrency Donald Trump  
          The WikiLeaks co-founder's wife turned off his microphone after a crack about his mother-in-law.
         
          JD Vance (weird guy) and Tim Walz (the guy who calls him a weird guy) will debate tonight in New York at 9 p.m. ET / 6 p.m. PT.
         
          Far-right influencers think Democrats can literally steer hurricanes to Republican-voting regions.
         
          The former President's plan to bring water to the California desert is, like a lot of his promises, a goofy pipe-dream.
         
          The former president insists Google is hiding positive news stories about him.
         
          Musk's full-throated support for Trump may turn out to be a gift to Democrats.
         We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2024 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved. Mode 
                Follow us
               Mode 
                Follow us
Full Article:
No offers found Let's talk about tech. 
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.
 Welcome to Ask Jerry, where we talk about any and all the questions you might have about the smart things in your life. I'm Jerry, and I have spent the better part of my life working with tech. I have a background in engineering and R&D and have been covering Android and Google for the past 15 years.  Ask Jerry is a column where we answer your burning Android/tech questions with the help of long-time Android Central editor Jerry Hildenbrand. I'm also really good at researching data about everything — that's a big part of our job here at Android Central — and I love to help people (another big part of our job!). If you have questions about your tech, I'd love to talk about them.  Email me at askjerryac@gmail.com, and I'll try to get things sorted out. You can remain anonymous if you like, and we promise we're not sharing anything we don't cover here. I look forward to hearing from you!  Peter asks: I know nothing about Chromebooks apart from the fact that they are cheaper than laptops. I bank online using a laptop. Can I do that on a Chromebook? Hi Peter! This is such a good question and something a lot of people wonder about. Almost everything you read about Chromebooks talk about the price and how easy they are to use, especially with multiple users. But a lot of basic questions that are important for people to know before they buy one go unanswered. Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android The quick answer for you: Yes! A Chromebook offers a secure way to access your bank's online portal and the website will look and feel — more importantly it will function — exactly the same as it does on your current laptop using a modern and supported web browser like Chrome, Edge, or Firefox.  There are some things a Chromebook can't do. You're not going to run any software built for Windows or Mac, so engineering and design software probably isn't going to work.  You also aren't going to play any graphics-intensive games so all those AAA titles you see online are designed for a Windows PC or a game console. You will be able to do almost everything else though, especially anything you do through a web browser. The browser on a Chromebook is Google Chrome; almost the same Google Chrome you can install on Windows or a Mac. The differences are how the operating system interacts with the browser and you'll find even a cheap Chromebook without the greatest specs will outperform most other laptops when it comes to browser responsiveness. The Chrome operating system was built from the ground up with the browser — the tool that most people use most of the time — in mind. So yes, you can do your online banking, or anything else you do through the web browser, from a Chromebook  Ramon asks: Before my Grandpa passed away in 1994 he was working on releasing his own album as a mariachi in Mexico. What now remains are a few cassette tape copies of what that album would have been.  I recently came across my Grandpa's old cassette tape and all looked up production companies associated with the album. All entities associated no longer exist so I'm assuming I'm not attempting to do anything illegal.  My question to you is, how can I make this cassette tape into a digital format to allow more of the family to have a piece of it as seven cassette tapes are all that remains?  Thank you for your time! Hi Ramon! I saw your question in my inbox and had to chuckle because I recently did just what you're asking about! This is so important because streaming services might be easy and filled with popular music but a lot of us have those one-of-a-kind tapes of our lives in action. It sounds like you have a handful of those tapes. Converting from a cassette to a digital format like mp3 is easy to do in a few different ways. If you have a computer with an audio interface you can use software to "record" the input into a digital file. You can also send the cassettes to services that will convert them for you if you'd like someone else to do the work. I found it easy to just buy the right tool. I bought this cassette player and converter from Amazon for about $30. I picked this one because I can record to an SD card versus connecting it to my PC and it works great. Just take a few minutes to read the directions and you're set. I hope you and your family can enjoy all of Grandpa's music! Jerry is an amateur woodworker and struggling shade tree mechanic. There's nothing he can't take apart, but many things he can't reassemble. You'll find him writing and speaking his loud opinion on Android Central and occasionally on Threads. Android 16 codename revealed, with signs pointing to an earlier release Google could give its Phone app a fresh coat of Apple-inspired paint The OnePlus 13 display may have just been officially revealed Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. ©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. Full Article:As a United States senator and 2020 presidential candidate, Kamala Harris supported not just legalizing marijuana nationwide, but expunging nonviolent marijuana-related offenses. Now serving as her party's standard-bearer, it remains unclear exactly how the vice president would approach the issue if elected this November — particularly whether she would lean further into pro-marijuana reforms than President Joe Biden, who remains more skeptical of the drug than other Democratic Party leaders. Since launching her campaign, Harris has not spoken about marijuana at length, and her website's policy page contains no mention of the issue. Her campaign declined to elaborate on her current position when reached for comment this week. And in a September 14 interview with Spectrum News, her running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, didn't directly address the issue, saying it's an "issue for states." That's not to say it's unclear whether Harris supports marijuana reforms in general. Beyond her record of supporting legalization, she's served in an administration that's issued thousands of pardons for marijuana use and possession. After the Biden administration initiated a process this year to reclassify marijuana from a Schedule I to a Schedule III drug, signifying that the government views it as less dangerous, she said it was "absurd" that marijuana was treated as a dangerous drug akin to heroin or fentanyl.  In April, Harris tweeted that nobody "should have to go to jail for smoking weed" and said that "we must continue to change our nation's approach to marijuana." But Harris' willingness to go beyond what the Biden administration has done carries not just significant economic implications — states collected more than $4 billion in tax revenue in 2023, according to the Marijuana Policy Project — but political ramifications in this election, given that former President Donald Trump recently signaled support for legalization efforts. Interviews with more than a half-dozen pro-marijuana Democratic lawmakers on Capitol Hill this week revealed that many are not entirely sure of Harris' current position. "I just don't know where she is on this issue," said Democratic Rep. Jim Himes of Connecticut, a key sponsor of "safe banking" legislation designed to make it easier for banks to work with marjiuana businesses in states where the drug is legal. "I would suspect that she would probably support [legalization], but I don't know," said Democratic Sen. John Fetterman of Pennsylvania. Rep. Earl Blumenauer, by contrast, seemed flabbergasted by the question. The Oregon Democrat, who was a founder of the Congressional Cannabis Caucus, insisted that Harris' past cosponsorship of pro-marijuana bills was sufficient for understanding her current stance. "It's not going to change. Jeez," Blumenauer said. "It's her record." Booker, a longtime champion for marijuana reform on Capitol Hill, pointed to Harris' introduction of the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act in 2019, even as he acknowledged that the Biden administration had not gone as far as that bill would. "I know that there are principles in there that are still her principles," Booker said, adding that Harris had been "guided by the pragmatism, and this institution, and what can we can get done." Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez speculated that Harris had played a role in pushing the Biden administration to take a more progressive approach to marijuana, including the move to reschedule the drug earlier this year. "I don't believe that the President was naturally positioned to do that. I think he is, in several respects, of his generation," the New York Democrat. "I do think that push did come from the Vice President." There's no denying that marijuana legalization is popular. A 2023 Gallup poll found that 70% of Americans believed the drug should be legal, including a bare majority of Republicans. It's why Trump has broken with GOP orthodoxy and announced that he would vote for a ballot measure to legalize recreational marijuana use in Florida and said he would support safe banking laws. Of course, there's reason for skepticism around Trump's position — as president, he was not especially friendly toward marijuana. "It's impossible to tell from supportive statements whether or not he would actually take any action on this issue as president, considering he really didn't touch it at all in his last administration," said Morgan Fox, political director for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws. Fox said that while the Biden administration has "done more for cannabis policy reform than any presidency before," the move to reschedule marijuana did not go far enough — and it may be months until it actually takes effect as the review process plays out.  The only "practical impact," Fox said, is that marijuana businesses would now be allowed to deduct business expenses on tax filings. If Harris were to pursue legalization, there are two ways that she could do it: by signing federal legislation passed by Congress, or by moving to de-schedule the drug herself, though that process could also take years. "I don't know whether that would be a top priority issue, but I do think that we will see a potential Harris administration go much farther than the Biden administration has," Fox said. As to whether Harris should embrace the popularity of marijuana in her campaign, most lawmakers demurred. "I never object to people who speak on my issues, but she's got a lot on her plate," Blumenauer said. "She's got lots of people to tell her what to do. I won't be one of them." Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:When I was growing up, it was a family rule that when you turned 16, you got a summer job.  When my three older siblings and I were initiated into the "real world" of working, we left the house as teenagers and returned feeling like adults after just a few shifts. Those first summer jobs were a rite of passage to a different understanding of life; we left the carefree days of youth behind while learning the efforts required to earn money. My daughter turned 16 before the start of this past summer, so according to family tradition, she got a job as a hostess and busser at a busy restaurant. She walked into that interview a nervous girl, and a mere three months after working there is now a confident and assertive young woman.  Among many other life lessons, her summer job became a crash course in finance — a lesson she desperately needed as a modern-day teen. It takes mere seconds on social media for my daughter to see the latest makeup or skincare items, the "it" water bottle, or the coveted footwear or apparel that everyone "must have." Peers also constantly post photos of their new car or their luxury handbag, turning the teen years into an endless scroll of the haves or the have-nots. Before my daughter got a job, I was tired of being "the bank of mom," so I opened a bank account in her name so she could learn to manage her own money. Instead, I found myself constantly hitting the "transfer" button on my banking app to move money from my account to my daughter's. Online banking and the inability to watch tangible cash literally disappear as you spend it completely skews a kid's perception of money. All they have to do is swipe or tap a card to a payment machine, and just like magic, their purchase is taken care of. While my daughter has always been very appreciative of whatever I buy for her, there was a disconnect in her understanding of how much things cost. Once my daughter got a job, she learned firsthand the hard work that goes into earning every dollar herself. The experience completely transformed her comprehension of money and spending. Now that she works for an hourly rate, she does the math in her head on what purchases would cost her in time working. When she's considering buying a cute shirt at the mall she'll say, "This will cost me more than four hours of work! That's so not worth it!" She appreciates the purchases she makes herself so much more because she knows the literal sweat that goes into affording them: lugging the trash to the dumpster in the dark at the end of her shift, cleaning out the bathroom stalls, clearing and wiping every table in the restaurant on a busy Saturday night, and getting yelled at by patrons when their booth isn't ready on time. Now, when she deposits her paycheck into her own bank account, she feels a great sense of pride and appreciation for the money she is able to save. She is by far the youngest employee at her job, and she has witnessed the plight of her coworkers and their need to make a living: single moms struggling to make rent, college students trying to afford school, and dads supporting their families by working double shifts daily. Not only has working a summer job made my daughter more frugal and discerning with her finances, but it has also made her more empathetic and understanding — and these are the types of life lessons money can't buy. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:Nearly four years ago, Citigroup was fined $400 million for its poor data management and risk controls. In July, regulators fined the bank $136 million for failing to fix its data quality issues quickly enough. Now Citi is taking action by adding a new leader to its data overhaul efforts, according to a memo seen by Business Insider. Tim Ryan, head of technology and business enablement, will now oversee the program alongside Anand Selva, Citi's chief operating officer. Ryan will take over direct management of the 800-employee data team. "Over the last few months, we've been clear that our Data efforts have expanded significantly from our original plan as we've progressed the work," said the memo, signed by Ryan and Selva. "We've also been clear about our need to accelerate our progress in this area and, consequently, we've committed to dedicating additional resources to it." Citi has spent a massive amount of resources on a firmwide initiative to appease regulators. According to earnings reports, the head count for the so-called "Transformation" program has soared to 12,000 from some 3,000 since 2021. Citi spent at least $7.4 billion on the endeavor from 2021 through 2023. The bank is now hoping fresh blood will help right the ship. Ryan joined Citi in June from PricewaterhouseCoopers where he ran its US business for seven years. He was in the running to become global chair and lead the consulting giant until he announced his decision to retire in October. He was brought on to modernize Citi's tech and simplify its processes. The bank is known for its outdated technology and patchwork systems. One of its biggest blunders is the accidental transfer of $900 million to Revlon lenders due to outdated technology. The memo touts Ryan's "extensive experience implementing large-scale technology projects," which includes a digital transformation at PwC. "Data and technology are intrinsically linked and the maturity and sustainability of our Data Transformation plan require that we leverage technology more," the memo reads. Citi is also appointing a new leader to run its Chief Data Office: Ashutosh Nawani, who previously led enterprise risk management. Nawani will report to Ryan and serve as head of enterprise data office and data transformation. He was a partner at PwC in London, leading its financial risk advisory practice, before joining Citi in 2021. Citi's current Chief Data Officer, Japan Mehta, will move to a new role after Nawani "transitions into his new role over the coming months," the memo said. His future role was not specified. Selva is a Citi lifer who started with the bank in 1991 in India and rose the ladder to run consumer banking in Asia. In 2018, he moved from Singapore to New York to run the US consumer bank, reporting to Jane Fraser. Selva succeeded her as global consumer banking chief in 2021 when she was made CEO. Selva was made COO in March 2023 and tasked with the Transformation program. Despite Ryan's new involvement, he is still in charge of the sprawling initiative and the bank's controls and operations. This past May, Selva and the bank were sued by a former Transformation executive, Kathleen Martin, who served as interim data transformation chair. According to the suit, Selva, pressured Martin to hide information that would make Citi "look bad" from the OCC. After repeated refusals, she was fired in September 2023. Mehta became chief data officer the following month. Citi denies the accusations and filed a counterclaim in late August, alleging Martin was fired for underperformance. Jump toFull Article:Healthcare startup Hinge Health has hired several investment banks as it prepares to confidentially file its S-1 to go public, Business Insider has learned. The physical therapy startup has hired Morgan Stanley to lead the deal, alongside Barclays and Bank of America, according to documents seen by BI. Hinge Health plans to file its S-1 confidentially with the SEC in the next few weeks and hopes to go public in early 2025, one person with knowledge of the efforts said. Hinge Health was last valued at $6.2 billion in October 2021, when it raked in a $600 million Series E round led by Tiger Global and Coatue Management. The company provides virtual physical therapy for joint and muscle pain. The startup has been eyeing a public market debut for years. Hinge Health hired Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley for a non-deal road show this past winter, two people with knowledge of the efforts told BI. Since then, the startup has been shoring up its finances, including by cutting 10% of its workforce in April. The startup is now cash flow positive, one of the people with knowledge said. Hinge Health, Morgan Stanley, Barclays, and Bank of America declined to comment for this story. Hinge's biggest rival is Sword Health, which raised $130 million at a $3 billion valuation in June and is backed by several high-profile investors, including Khosla Ventures and General Catalyst. A number of healthcare startups, Hinge and Sword included, have been waiting with bated breath for the IPO window to open, from mental health startup Lyra Health to health data company Datavant. The IPO market for tech companies has been stagnant over the past two years, with occasional signs of investor appetite, including Reddit's successful debut in March. Cameron Lester, global co-head of technology, media, and telecom investment banking at Jefferies, recently told Business Insider that he expects "a strong 2025 with lots of companies getting ready to go public."  Jump toFull Article:Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may get a commission. How we test ISPs 
    This comes just a week after the FBI disrupted a network of more than 200,000 devices infected with malware. 
   Hackers linked to the Chinese government have broken into a “handful” of US internet providers, The Wall Street Journal reports.  Investigators are referring to the hack as “Salt Typhoon.” It comes just a week after the FBI announced that it took down another attack backed by the Chinese government known as “Flax Typhoon,” which affected a network of 200,000 internet-connected cameras, routers and other devices. In the Salt Typhoon attack, hackers burrowed into broadband networks in an effort to access sensitive data stored by internet service providers. While previous hacks had been geared toward crippling infrastructure, people familiar with the matter told the WSJ that this appears to be designed for intelligence collection.  Locating local internet providers “The Chinese government is going to continue to target your organizations and our critical infrastructure either by their own hand or concealed through their proxies,” said FBI Director Christopher Wray at the Aspen Cyber Summit in Washington just a week before the Salt Typhoon attack.  This type of Chinese hacking operation has long been a regular occurrence, but the “skill and sophistication” has accelerated in recent years, intelligence officials told the Journal.  Locating local internet providers “The cyber threat posed by the Chinese government is massive,” Wray said earlier this year. “China’s hacking program is larger than that of every other major nation, combined.” China has consistently denied any involvement with these attacks. Liu Pengyu, a spokesman for the Chinese embassy in Washington, accused US intelligence agencies of “secretly collaborating to piece together false evidence” linking the Chinese government to the groups behind the Salt Typhoon hack.  The WSJ report stated that investigators were focusing on Cisco Systems routers, which are network components that direct internet traffic. A spokesman for Cisco told the WSJ that “there is no indication that Cisco routers are involved.” Microsoft is also reportedly investigating the attack.  Researchers with Lumen, the company that owns the internet service providers CenturyLink and Quantum Fiber, wrote last month that it had located malware inside ISP routers that could reveal customers’ passwords. The report did not say which internet providers may have been affected.   While there is little evidence that an attack like Salt Typhoon is after the personal information of individual customers, there are some basic steps you should take to protect your personal data. Here’s what CNET experts recommend: Read your credit reports: You’re entitled to a free credit report each week from each of the three major credit bureaus. This will tell you basic information about your credit activity, including if any new accounts are being opened in your name.Full Article:Welcome back! If you're a federal worker in Washington, DC, and you're not headed into the office today, just know that JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon is very disappointed in you. In today's big story, China isn't proving to be the economic promised land US companies once hoped for. What's on deck: But first, I think it's time to leave. If this was forwarded to you, sign up here. American businesses have worn out their welcome in China. US-China relations have been on shaky ground for a while, to put it mildly. But despite the growing animosity, US corporations' push to sell things to Chinese consumers has been a middle ground everyone can agree on. (As always, money is the great equalizer.) But China's goal of being less reliant on foreign businesses and supporting domestic companies is blowing up one of the country's last good relationships with the US, writes Business Insider's Linette Lopez. It's a marked change from the past few decades when China was the next frontier for US companies. But for US giants like Apple, Starbucks, and Nike, China doesn't offer the same growth opportunities it once did. One issue is domestic competition. Chinese consumers increasingly favor homegrown companies over imports (i.e. Huawei over Apple). But that's not the only headwind US companies face. China's economy, quite frankly, isn't doing too hot. The great pandemic rebound that Wall Street was banking on never materialized. Instead, slowing industrial growth, a shaky real-estate market, and diminishing consumer demand has China on its heels and at risk of missing its growth targets. US companies might be missing out on a revenue opportunity, but China is suffering as well. As the dollars dry up, US companies are less incentivized to play mediator between Washington and Beijing. Still, China has one massive bargaining chip, literally. The world's economic hopes and dreams are banking heavily on artificial intelligence. And Taiwan, which China claims, plays a key role in that equation. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company makes vital hardware components for most the world's chip companies, including industry giant Nvidia. So China's potential invasion of Taiwan, a growing concern, could throw the AI industry into disarray. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang recently said his company has a backup plan if things were to kick off in Taiwan. But he also acknowledged concessions would be made. "Maybe the process technology is not as great. Maybe we won't be able to get the same level of outperformance or cost, but we will be able to provide the supply," Huang said. That's a scary outcome considering the AI industry has spent the past few months trying to explain to customers and investors the benefits they'll get from their pricey investments in the tech. The Insider Today team: Dan DeFrancesco, deputy editor and anchor, in New York. Jordan Parker Erb, editor, in New York. Jack Sommers, deputy editor, in London. Amanda Yen, fellow, in New York. Grace Lett, editor, in Chicago. Milan Sehmbi, fellow, in London.  Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:Bank branches have steadily declined in number since the Great Recession. But the death of the branch is greatly exaggerated, JPMorgan's Kristin Lemkau told Business Insider. The personal touch is good for customers and the bottom line, with branch advisors averaging 30 new clients a year, said Lemkau, the CEO of JPMorgan Wealth Management. That's why the bank plans to open 500 branches by 2027. "Foot traffic is down, but not down as much as you'd think. It's just what they're doing is different. They're doing transactions here," Lemkau said, pointing to her phone, "and they're looking for advice and a financial relationship in the branch." Lemkau, previously JPMorgan's chief marketing officer, took over the newly reorganized US wealth-management division in late 2019. Despite being the country's largest bank, JPMorgan lags behind its peers when it comes to managing money for affluent customers who aren't rich enough for private banking. Lemkau's mandate is to get the bank's 82 million customers to invest their money with JPMorgan instead of with competitors like Morgan Stanley and Merrill Wealth Management. The broad strokes of her strategy have remained consistent: improving products to reach clients with different levels of wealth and hiring more advisors to reach customers. To close the gap between self-directed investing and in-person advice, she launched a hybrid channel that offers low-cost financial advice via phone and video in the fall of 2022. As for head count, the number of advisors has grown by more than 30%, to 5,800, putting her on track to meet her goal of 6,000 by 2025. Lemkau has already hit another goal of doubling client investment assets to $1 trillion. "I've killed it!" she said with a laugh. But the branches are a bigger part of the division's growth than she originally imagined. She had planned to aggressively grow JPMorgan Advisors, the high-net-worth-client unit, by doubling its head count to 1,000 advisors. She has since abandoned a head-count target for the boutique unit, saying it will never resemble Merrill's thundering herd of 13,000-plus advisors. Thanks to the acquisition of First Republic, the unit has just under 700 advisors. But growing beyond that by recruiting top-notch teams one by one is slow and expensive. "It's almost like a mini M&A deal every time you acquire a team," she said. Branch advisors are also easier to retain than the elite teams that make up the high-net-worth advisory channel. This spring, there was an exodus of First Republic teams before a deadline to move their assets. But Lemkau said that more than 80% of First Republic advisors remained at JPMorgan as of August 28. She said the bank was "very choosy," touting the recent hire of a $28 billion team from Merrill Wealth Management. But having a giant book is not enough. Lemkau wants employees who will stick around for the long run. "I don't want mercenaries," she added. When she joined JPMorgan nearly 26 years ago, she was interested in a short commute, not banking. ("I wanted to walk to work," she quipped.) But finance runs in her family. Her father, Curt, spent 25 years as a financial advisor at Merrill Lynch. Her two brothers have made their mark on Wall Street: Gregg runs a hybrid investment bank that caters to billionaires, and Chip is a managing director at Goldman Sachs in private wealth management. (Her youngest sibling, Holly, oversees events for the consultant Teneo.) She views her move from marketing to wealth management as a natural one. "As a marketer, your job is to grow the business," she said. "It's not to win awards. It's not to dance on tables with Bon Jovi at Cannes." Despite being a JPMorgan veteran, she looked outward to build her leadership team. Several of her top hires initially turned down her offers, but she refused to take no for an answer. "If the best person is outside the company, we will go get the best person," she said. She turned to Boaz Lahovitsky, the head of Vanguard's robo-advisor, to build the hybrid channel, JPMorgan Personal Advisors. JPMorgan says the new offering has led to billions in new assets. As for the bank's self-directed trading product, she brought in Paul Vienick, a top executive at TD Ameritrade who also helped build the online brokerage Merrill Edge, to fix its shortcomings and add features like fractional shares. "It was really nascent, and in retrospect, we probably shouldn't have launched that thing until it has closed more of the competitive gaps," she said of the bank's original self-directed investing product, launched in 2018. This summer, Lemkau hired Anne Black, the president of Goldman Sachs' charitable fund, to advise on philanthropy for high-net-worth clients and Jane Bailey, the chief financial officer of UBS's wealth business in the Americas, to rein in expenses. UBS's strategy "is not one that I would replicate or could replicate," she said, "but they were really, really disciplined on their P&L management." She turned to Mollie Colavita, the head of Merrill's private wealth services, to oversee best practices for the branch-based advisors. Now they undergo a two-year coaching program that automatically dismisses advisors who fail three sessions in a year. "It's a machine," Lemkau said of the branch-based channel. Despite her focus on making it easier for customers to invest online, her strategy is analog at its core, with full-service advisory at the center. The division shut down its unprofitable robo-advisor in May, with all accounts converted to self-directed accounts. Lemkau views self-directed trading as important in its own right and as a retention tool for advisory customers. "Most people have a full-service advisor and some type of self-directed money on the side," she said, "so we frankly need it in order to protect the full-service business." Everything circles back to the branches. Wealth Plan, a free financial-planning tool in the Chase app, connects prospective customers to advisors online. But branch bankers can also use Wealth Plan to get the ball rolling with prospective clients. "It's a better conversation for the banker of 'Hey, tell me about you, and tell me about what you're interested in,'" she said. "You're going to have a better conversation than 'Hey, can you meet my friend, the advisor up the hall?' Which sounds just a little cheesy and sales-y." If all goes according to plan, branch advisors will take advantage of the new products in order to focus on richer clients with $1 million to $10 million in investible assets, Lemkau said. The advisors can direct less affluent clients with simpler needs to hybrid advice or self-directed investing. She sees AI as a time saver for advisors but not a substitute. Lemkau said her advisors could expect to get an AI productivity tool to help them with their "homework," aka preparing for client meetings, in the first quarter of 2025. However, she's concerned that AI's racial and gender bias could influence its financial suggestions. Moreover, she doesn't think there is a strong market for AI financial advice. "I do not see it replacing human advice. I don't think the regulators do. I don't think that's what people want," she said. "I think they'll always want to talk to a human." Jump to Full Article:Remember TikTok? Let's make that more specific: Remember how the US government passed a law that says ByteDance, TikTok's Chinese owner, has to find a new owner for its US operations or shut down? That law still exists. And as of now, TikTok's American arm is looking at a January 19, 2025 deadline before it has to go dark. But inside the company, The Information reports, most US TikTok employees are behaving as if nothing is going to happen at all. They're chasing ad sales and user growth, hosting events for creators, and looking to hire thousands of people. TikTok employees aren't the only ones acting like they're not going anywhere. When I was at the Cannes advertising festival in June, I kept asking ad buyers what their fallback positions would be if TikTok went away in a few months. I got a series of shrugs in response. Not because they didn't care, but because it didn't seem likely. Instead, the TikTok-is-here-to-stay crowd seems to be banking on some combination of legal maneuvers or political action to overcome the ban. You can see their logic: TikTok's lawyers are fighting the would-be-ban on First Amendment grounds, and are making oral arguments in their case next week. At a minimum, they're hoping for an injunction to push that January deadline back for months. And "company leaders also believe there is a possibility for TikTok to negotiate a solution with the next presidential administration, but they are waiting until after the US election in November," Kaya Yurieff and Juro Osawa report. That second option seems harder to pull off since the law forcing TikTok's owners to hand over the app or shut down is, you know, a law. Passed by Congress, signed by the President and everything. Still, it doesn't seem like a law that's occupying a lot of headspace in American politics right now. You don't hear either the Trump or Harris presidential campaigns talking about a TikTok ban — instead, both candidates' campaigns are embracing the app through their own accounts and with proxies. And now, just a third of Americans support a ban, compared to half of the country in 2023, according to Pew Research. It is possible that the TikTok-isn't-going-anywhere mindset is a bad misjudgment — just like it was when the TikTok ban bill first arrived earlier this year. But either way, we're in an extraordinary time: One of the country's most popular services could theoretically disappear in a few months — and you're not hearing a peep about it. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:This is Totally Normal Quote of the Day, a feature highlighting a statement from the news that exemplifies just how extremely normal everything has become. “The Great Depression was pretty well planned.” —Sen. Ron Johnson, when asked about the national debt on a conservative radio show in early September At this point, with Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene’s Jewish space lasers, Rep. Lauren Boebert’s assertion that Joe Biden got dementia from the COVID vaccine, and Donald Trump’s careless promotion of QAnon, it’s tempting to think that many of our government officials have had their brains completely addled by internet conspiracy theories. But every once in a while, a politician comes along to remind us that our representatives don’t always need the internet’s help—they are totally capable of latching on to nonsensical beliefs the old-fashioned way. Sen. Ron Johnson, a Republican from Wisconsin, did just that in an appearance on a radio show that surfaced last week. On Tuesday, Johnson appeared on the Vicki McKenna Show, a conservative radio show out of Wisconsin, and spoke about his “investigations” into the “corruption of federal agencies.” He also spoke of his motivation to run for reelection to advocate “for the vaccine-injured.” But it was his answer to a question about debt that got the most wide-eyed attention on social media, after it was posted by a progressive radio station. Asked by the host whether it was “possible to stave off a debt crisis” until Trump could step in and fix the problem, Johnson gave a strange answer: Well, we’ve been doing it for years by just printing more money. Now, one of the interesting revelations of Creature From Jekyll Island is the fact that the Great Depression was pretty well planned. You know, all the big money men were pretty well warned that they were going to finally collapse the system.  So, again, I know this. I know it really sounds like a conspiracy theory. I don’t completely understand it. But it sure seems—it just, in my bones, I just feel there’s a great deal of corruption and control there that the vast majority of people do not understand. If that answer makes no sense to you, that’s because it’s incomprehensible even to people who study conspiracy theories. It seems that Johnson is implying that a sinister cabal of “big money men” planned the Great Depression for their own personal gain, but it’s not entirely clear. As a conspiracy theory, “The Great Depression was an inside job” doesn’t seem to be a particularly common one; one researcher Slate reached out to said he had “never seen it put exactly that way.” But he agreed that the general tone of what Johnson said did appear to fit with a more well-known body of conspiracy theories about the Federal Reserve, and of supposed communist infiltration of the banking system more generally. Also, the book Johnson cited as a source—The Creature From Jekyll Island, published in 1994—relates a Federal Reserve conspiracy theory. The eponymous “creature” is the Fed; Jekyll Island, in Georgia, was the setting of a 1910 meeting in which wealthy men drafted legislation to create a central banking system. (The meeting did happen, but it did not create the Fed, as the book implies; ideas from what was discussed at the meeting were instead later incorporated into a separate Federal Reserve Act.) Mark Pitcavage, a senior research fellow at the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism, said he had been surprised to hear Johnson reference the title, calling it an “infamous far-right conspiracy-theory book” and “not a remotely reputable source.” And yet, the tradition of anti-Fed conspiracy theories is a robust one. According to Pitcavage, the far right has, for decades, been opposed to the country’s central banking system and invented conspiracy theories to support its feelings of distrust. These conspiracy theories typically fall into two camps, he said: the ones that posit that a group of extremely wealthy bankers created the Fed to manipulate the nation’s finances for their own gain, and the overtly antisemitic ones, which follow the same narrative, except the powerful bankers are all, emphatically, Jewish. Luckily for Johnson, his mangled reference to a Great Depression inside job was still specific enough to place him in the former camp: The Creature From Jekyll Island is not openly antisemitic, Pitcavage said. It’s still primarily promoted by and intended for an audience of the far right, he noted, but Jewish bankers aren’t a focus. The book is big enough on the libertarian right that Ron Paul has blurbed it, pronouncing it “a superb analysis deserving serious attention by all Americans.” Glenn Beck once called it “a fascinating book” in a recommendation on Fox News. There’s even a children’s-book version from the libertarian franchise the Tuttle Twins, with a Goosebumps-style cover. (“Join Ethan and Emily as they uncover the curious mystery of how a powerful creature is stealing their grandparents’ hard-earned savings.”) Pitcavage says that the book has gone through a number of different printings and is “by far the most popular” book out there on the Federal Reserve conspiracy theory. It’s extreme. The book imagines the Fed as a totalitarian instrument through “which the world’s money cabal deliberately encourages war as a means of stimulating the profitable production of armaments and of keeping nations perpetually in debt.” The book’s author, G. Edward Griffin, is, among other things, an HIV denier; a chemtrails believer; a JFK assassination skeptic; and a 9/11 truther. More recently, he has pushed “plandemic” conspiracy theories. But there is one particularly odd thing about Johnson’s citation of the book. According to Pitcavage, for all his conspiracy theorizing, the book’s author seems not to make the case for a preplanned Great Depression. Instead, the work mentions the Great Depression only as an example of the Federal Reserve’s failures—a product of its incompetence, not malicious intent.  That means that Johnson, if we are correctly understanding his assertion, is misremembering something or misread the book. [Update, Sept. 10, 2024, at 11:47 a.m.: After publication, Johnson’s office explained what he meant to Slate in a statement: “At the end of Chapter 2 in The Creature From Jekyll Island, Griffin argues that the Great Depression was essentially set in motion when the planners of the Federal Reserve set up the Federal Reserve as a backup to the banking system, knowing that economic downturns occur regularly and that a particularly severe downturn would stress the banking system.” The creation of the Fed did not cause the Great Depression. Contemporary chairs of the Federal Reserve, however, have publicly analyzed the policy mistakes made by the Fed during the Great Depression that contributed to its length and severity.] This particular theory appears to be, at least accidentally, a Johnson original. Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents ©
        2024
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved.Full Article:When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. This doesn't affect our editorial independence. Bank customers who fall victim to cybercrime through phishing or other fraudulent methods are not only harmed in terms of the psychological stress and often onerous process of reversing the damage, but can even find it difficult to get their money back. Meanwhile, the scams used by cyber criminals to fleece their victims have become increasingly sophisticated, making it even more imperative that customers be vigilant of the signs that fraud may be afoot. “Notice of upcoming direct debit,” “Confirmation of your transaction” — these or similar are the subject lines in emails purporting to be from your own bank, usually followed by a sum in the mid three-digit range. In other words, not utopian amounts, but just enough to make a small dent in the budget and frighten the unsuspecting bank customer. It is precisely this emotional reaction that the fraudsters are banking on. The message usually contains a link that leads to a website that looks confusingly similar to the online offering of a real bank.  Here, the fraud victims log in with their access data (which falls into the hands of the fraudsters) and cancel the alleged transaction with a transaction authorization number (which also falls into the hands of the fraudsters). The fraudsters then use the captured information to transfer money from their victim’s account (usually automatically within seconds). Further reading: Phone scammers are using faked AI voices. Here’s how to protect yourself Of course, this only works if the recipients of the emails actually have an account with the bank named as the sender. However, as the criminals send their emails to hundreds of thousands of recipients, they often end up with people to whom this applies. How to protect yourself: This scam works because emotions, such as the fear of financial loss, trigger a strong impulse to act. The fraudsters give this impulse to act a direction with a message such as “You can check the transaction via the link below and cancel it if necessary.” Simply knowing this mechanism of action can help you not to give in to the impulse. If you are unsure whether it is an authentic message from your bank, access your online banking in the usual way. In other words, use the banking app on your smartphone or type the address directly into your browser. If you are still not completely reassured, call your bank. Important: Never use the link or contact details sent to you in the dodgy message. A scam that uses similar mechanisms to the one mentioned above works via the telephone.  Sometimes the callers pretend to be employees of the victim’s bank if they have managed to spy on them beforehand. More often, however, they claim to be from a police authority, a cyber security company, or Microsoft.  They then tell the potential fraud victim that they have noticed “unusual activity,” such as atypical account access, strange data streams from and to the IP address of the person called, or that sensitive information about the person has appeared on the darknet. Nothing has happened yet, but they now need the person’s support to prevent financial damage.  In the conversation that follows, the callers ask for all kinds of personal data, allegedly always to “cross-check” it.  Further reading: The Amazon triangle scam: What it is, how it works, and what to do From access to online banking to credit card security codes or life insurance policy numbers, skillful fraudsters have already obtained all kinds of personal data in this way. On the one hand, to drain their victims’ accounts, and on the other, to use their identity for further scams. How to protect yourself: This scam is based on the influence factor “authority” and often also on the fact that the callers can already give their victims some of their personal information. In preparation for such a scam, the scammers often search their victims’ social media profiles. If you receive such a call, do not engage in a conversation. Ask for the caller’s telephone number and promise to call them back. If the caller refuses, end the call. If they give you a telephone number, do a reverse search to find out who is behind it. You will then have something more to report to the police. IBAN stands for “international bank account number.” A typical promise made by fraudsters using the IBAN trap is: “4.5 percent on overnight money!” This is not a spectacular amount, but it is one or two percentage points more than most banks offer.  Victims usually come across such offers in a roundabout way, for example via ominous “financial comparisons.” The offers of numerous reputable banks are compared, but the first place is regularly taken by a bank with a rather unknown name (which one varies) and a registered office outside the country. Via a link on the price comparison page, the prospective victim of fraud can then set up an account with this bank, receive his IBAN minutes later, and can then transfer his savings there.  The trick: The bank really exists, but the IBAN belongs to an existing account that the fraudster has access to. Theoretically, the recipient bank could notice that the name of the recipient on the transfer does not match the name of the account holder. In practice, banks are not obliged to pay attention to this. Once the money has arrived there, the fraudster clears the account. Instead of receiving high interest rates, the customer loses their money. Unlike direct debits, transfers cannot be cancelled once the money has arrived in the other account. And it can take months before the fraudster realizes the damage. How to protect yourself: “Greed eats brains” is a stock market adage. If an offer is unusually good, check whether this offer is even known elsewhere — for example on some of the better-known, reputable comparison platforms. If there is only this one source where the high-interest account is advertised: Hands off! This is an old script that can be used to set up an Evil Twin. This is an evil WLAN that is called the same as a harmless WLAN access point. This is an old script that can be used to set up an Evil Twin. This is an evil WLAN that is called the same as a harmless WLAN access point. IDG This is an old script that can be used to set up an Evil Twin. This is an evil WLAN that is called the same as a harmless WLAN access point. IDG IDG They are commonplace at airports, hotels, and cafes: Free WLAN access points. The official airport or hotel Wi-Fi networks would generally be trustworthy if criminals hadn’t come up with the idea of setting up “evil twins” of these networks:  “Evil Twins” or “Rogue Access Points” look like legitimate WLANs from airports, hotels, or other public places. If users connect to these fake access points, in the worst case scenario, the fraudsters can intercept all data traffic and steal sensitive information such as passwords, credit card details, or other personal data. How to protect yourself: The bad news is that evil twins are virtually indistinguishable from their trustworthy siblings. If you need to access your banking services while travelling and have to use open WLANs, a VPN service (such as Cyberghost, NordVPN or ExpressVPN) is a sensible investment.  Further reading: The best VPN services The VPN ensures that all your data traffic to and from your device is encrypted. This means that any intercepted data loses its value for criminals. Smishing works on the same principle as phishing by email, except that here the criminals communicate by text message. Bank customers in particular who use two-factor authentication via SMS or confirm their transactions via SMS-TAN do not initially suspect anything if they receive a notification from their bank in this way. How to protect yourself: If you are unsure whether the message actually comes from your bank, access your online banking via the bank’s official website. Never click on the link you received by text message. No trustworthy bank sends SMS messages containing links. Further reading: Quishing and vishing: How to protect yourself from new security threats Man-in-the-middle browser attacks are one of the most insidious dangers in online banking. Cyber criminals inoculate their victims’ browsers with malware.  To do this, they exploit unpatched security vulnerabilities or offer seemingly useful software for download that infects the browser on the side. If a user wants to initiate a bank transfer, the malware can intercept and manipulate the transactions. For example, it can change transfer data — in particular the amount and the recipient. The user is still shown the correct information, while the bank receives manipulated data.  How to protect yourself: Always use the latest version of your browser and operating system and do not put off installing updates. An antivirus program is a matter of course. Further reading: Best antivirus software for Windows With session hijacking, cyber criminals also exploit technical security gaps in their victims’ browsers and/or operating systems — and have to wait until they start an online banking session.  They then obtain the user’s session ID, which is used to authenticate the session, either by monitoring network traffic, injecting code, or exploiting vulnerabilities during generation.  With this session ID, cyber criminals can then take over the user’s session and do everything that the user could do when banking online. How to protect yourself: As with the trap above, you are safest with an up-to-date browser in its latest version and a patched, up-to-date operating system. You can create additional security by logging out as soon as you no longer need the banking application and closing the browser window. With a high transaction limit, cyber criminals with access to your online banking only need a single stolen TAN (transaction authorization number) to drain the account of the entire balance plus the overdraft facility granted. How to protect yourself: Set a transaction limit that is not significantly higher than the transfers you make in everyday life. If a transfer is made that exceeds your set limit, increase the limit temporarily and then reset it again immediately. The slightly higher effort is well worth the added security. Microsoft does not publish any information on security vulnerabilities in old operating systems and does not provide any updates against them. However, cyber criminals are still targeting Windows XP and 7: They track down previously undiscovered security gaps and often exploit them for attacks without being noticed. How to protect yourself: A license for Windows 10 or 11 doesn’t cost the earth. Invest in your security. Another option is to carry out your banking transactions via smartphone. There is significantly less malware for Android and iOS than for Windows. This article originally appeared on our sister publication PC-WELT and was translated and localized from German. Dirk Bongardt ist App-Enthusiast und als freier Journalist vorwiegend in technischen Themenfeldern zu Hause. Als Dozent unterrichtet er angehende Online-Redakteure. 
 Business Laptop Mobile PC Hardware Deals Digital Magazine - Subscribe Digital Magazine - Info Gift Subscription NewslettersFull Article:The outcome of the U.S. presidential election will shape coming regulations to the banking sector, including how strict or lax new capital and liquidity requirements could be. “The elections’ results will likely influence the intensity of the financial regulatory environment amid lingering risks in the banking sector,” Moody’s Ratings banking analysts said in a report published by the ratings agency Tuesday.  Policy differences between Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris could play out in a number of key areas for the finance sector, including capital and liquidity requirements, the regulatory approach to mergers and acquisitions, and consumer protection, the analysts said. One of the biggest regulatory question marks is the Basel III Endgame proposal, which would require banks to keep more capital on hand to cover losses. Regulators originally sought to increase capital requirements for major banks by 19%. After receiving considerable pushback from banking sector executives, however, regulators watered down the proposal to a 9% increase in capital levels, according to Federal Reserve Vice Chair for Supervision Michael Barr. Moody’s noted these changes will likely delay a final rule until next year, and could further push back implementation requirements, which were originally expected by mid-2025. Barr’s revised proposal would be a more modest reversal of Trump-era regulatory changes, which loosened requirements on the banking sector. In 2018, Trump rolled back some of the stricter regulations on banks that had been put in place following the 2008 financial crisis. These included making regulations standard only for banks with at least $250 billion, doing away with the previous $50 billion threshold. Critics argued these changes paved the way for last year’s Silicon Valley Bank collapse and regional banking crisis. Moody’s said, at the time, that the changes were “credit negative” for the sector. In its note Tuesday, Moody’s said a second Trump term would likely be a continuation of reduced capital, liquidity, and other safeguards for small- and mid-size banks. This risks potentially diminishing protections for bank creditors, which would be a credit negative, the ratings agency said. Moody’s analysis: A Trump administration would likely adopt a lighter regulatory approach, including the appointment of industry-friendly officials and the possible revision or withdrawal of pending regulatory proposals. Under a Republican leadership, we would also expect a less proactive approach to consumer financial protection efforts, fewer obstacles to bank merger activity and a more hesitant approach to expanding regulation within the nonbank sector. While Harris hasn’t revealed plans for the banking sector, a potential Harris administration would likely fall in line with President Joe Biden’s stance on regulation, according to Moody’s. The ratings agency said a Harris administration would be a “credit positive” for the banking sector. Moody’s analysis: Under a Harris administration, we expect many of the proposals will be finalized and implemented and result in stricter capital and liquidity requirements, especially for larger regional banks. We also expect a regulatory stance aligned with President Biden’s agenda. Among the agenda items is a focus on proactive consumer protection efforts such as reducing consumer banking fees and pushing for greater transparency among and enhanced oversight of nonbank financial institutions through the Financial Stability Oversight Council. Moody’s report comes as the Fed embarks on a rate-cutting campaign, which it kicked off last week with an aggressive half-point cut.  Tony Roth, chief investment officer for Wilmington Trust Investment Advisors (MTB), said banks — and regional banks, in particular — face a fork in the road depending on how the economy shapes up next year. Banks tend to benefit from lower rates thanks to lower costs of funding. But that will only be true if the Fed achieves a soft landing, where it guides inflation down to its 2% without sending the economy into a recession.  While that’s the investment firm’s base case scenario, if lower rates are a prelude to a recession, “then the outlook for these banks would be far less rosy,” Roth said. That could cause a spike in a number of negative scenarios for banks, including write-offs, credit defaults, and delinquencies. Credit card delinquencies have been on the rise in recent months as people’s pandemic-era savings have run out and they rely more on credit for everyday purchases. This has been especially true for the lowest income and credit score Americans.  Roth said a Harris win would bring some relief to this cohort, with new tax credits and other benefits. Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning. Full Article:Front page layout Site theme 
Dan Goodin
    -    Sep 3, 2024 5:58 pm UTC
 The YubiKey 5, the most widely used hardware token for two-factor authentication based on the FIDO standard, contains a cryptographic flaw that makes the finger-size device vulnerable to cloning when an attacker gains temporary physical access to it, researchers said Tuesday. The cryptographic flaw, known as a side channel, resides in a small microcontroller used in a large number of other authentication devices, including smartcards used in banking, electronic passports, and the accessing of secure areas. While the researchers have confirmed all YubiKey 5 series models can be cloned, they haven’t tested other devices using the microcontroller, such as the SLE78 made by Infineon and successor microcontrollers known as the Infineon Optiga Trust M and the Infineon Optiga TPM. The researchers suspect that any device using any of these three microcontrollers and the Infineon cryptographic library contains the same vulnerability. YubiKey-maker Yubico issued an advisory in coordination with a detailed disclosure report from NinjaLab, the security firm that reverse-engineered the YubiKey 5 series and devised the cloning attack. All YubiKeys running firmware prior to version 5.7—which was released in May and replaces the Infineon cryptolibrary with a custom one—are vulnerable. Updating key firmware on the YubiKey isn’t possible. That leaves all affected YubiKeys permanently vulnerable. “An attacker could exploit this issue as part of a sophisticated and targeted attack to recover affected private keys,” the advisory confirmed. “The attacker would need physical possession of the YubiKey, Security Key, or YubiHSM, knowledge of the accounts they want to target and specialized equipment to perform the necessary attack. Depending on the use case, the attacker may also require additional knowledge including username, PIN, account password, or authentication key.” Side channels are the result of clues left in physical manifestations such as electromagnetic emanations, data caches, or the time required to complete a task that leaks cryptographic secrets. In this case, the side channel is the amount of time taken during a mathematical calculation known as a modular inversion. The Infineon cryptolibrary failed to implement a common side-channel defense known as constant time as it performs modular inversion operations involving the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm. Constant time ensures the time sensitive cryptographic operations execute is uniform rather than variable depending on the specific keys. More precisely, the side channel is located in the Infineon implementation of the Extended Euclidean Algorithm, a method for, among other things, computing the modular inverse. By using an oscilloscope to measure the electromagnetic radiation while the token is authenticating itself, the researchers can detect tiny execution time differences that reveal a token’s ephemeral ECDSA key, also known as a nonce. Further analysis allows the researchers to extract the secret ECDSA key that underpins the entire security of the token. In Tuesday’s report, NinjaLab co-founder Thomas Roche wrote: In the present work, NinjaLab unveils a new side-channel vulnerability in the ECDSA implementation of Infineon 9 on any security microcontroller family of the manufacturer.This vulnerability lies in the ECDSA ephemeral key (or nonce) modular inversion, and, more precisely, in the Infineon implementation of the Extended Euclidean Algorithm (EEA for short). To our knowledge, this is the first time an implementation of the EEA is shown to be vulnerable to side-channel analysis (contrarily to the EEA binary version). The exploitation of this vulnerability is demonstrated through realistic experiments and we show that an adversary only needs to have access to the device for a few minutes. The offline phase took us about 24 hours; with more engineering work in the attack development, it would take less than one hour. After a long phase of understanding Infineon implementation through side-channel analysis on a Feitian 10 open JavaCard smartcard, the attack is tested on a YubiKey 5Ci, a FIDO hardware token from Yubico. All YubiKey 5 Series (before the firmware update 5.7 11 of May 6th, 2024) are affected by the attack. In fact all products relying on the ECDSA of Infineon cryptographic library running on an Infineon security microcontroller are affected by the attack. We estimate that the vulnerability exists for more than 14 years in Infineon top secure chips. These chips and the vulnerable part of the cryptographic library went through about 80 CC certification evaluations of level AVA VAN 4 (for TPMs) or AVA VAN 5 (for the others) from 2010 to 2024 (and a bit less than 30 certificate maintenances). Join the Ars Orbital Transmission mailing list to get weekly updates delivered to your inbox. Sign me up → 
  CNMN Collection
  WIRED Media Group
  © 2024 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (updated 1/1/20) and Privacy Policy and Ars Technica Addendum. Ars may earn compensation on sales from links on this site. Read our affiliate link policy.
Your California Privacy Rights |  Do Not Sell My Personal Information
  The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Ad Choices
Full Article:
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2024 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
      Factset. Powered and implemented by
      FactSet Digital Solutions.
      Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
      Refinitiv Lipper.
     The CyberGuy Kurt Knutsson joined 'Fox & Friends' to discuss what Americans should be concerned about with the data breach and Apple's bold new move toward AI.  You’d think an app listed on the Play Store would be safe to download. That’s what Google wants you to believe, and it’s true to a large extent. But in this digital world, no service is foolproof.  Time and time again, there have been instances when widely downloaded apps on the Play Store were infected by malware. While Google continues to promise that the app market is safe, another incident has come to light.  Security researchers have discovered a new Trojan malware called Necro that not only infects apps downloaded through unofficial sources but also those on the Play Store, including one with more than 10 million downloads. GET SECURITY ALERTS, EXPERT TIPS – SIGN UP FOR KURT’S NEWSLETTER – THE CYBERGUY REPORT HERE A man scrolling on his Android phone  (Kurt "CyberGuy" Knutsson) The exact method by which both apps were initially compromised with the malware is still unclear. Researchers at Kaspersky’s Securelist believe a rogue software development kit (SDK) used for integrating advertising functionalities may be responsible for the breach. SDKs are essential tools developers use to add specific features to their apps, such as ad services, analytics or payment processing.  CLICK HERE FOR MORE U.S. NEWS When an SDK is compromised, it can inadvertently introduce vulnerabilities into the applications that utilize it. In this case, the malware affecting the apps displayed ads in the background to generate fraudulent revenue for the attackers, installed apps and APKs without the user's consent and used invisible WebViews to interact with paid services. The Trojan in question, Necro, isn’t exactly new. It’s the same malware that infected a popular document scanner called CamScanner in 2019, which at that time had over 100 million downloads. An Android phone on a desk  (Kurt "CyberGuy" Knutsson) ANDROID BANKING TROJAN EVOLVES TO EVADE DETECTION AND STRIKE GLOBALLY Kaspersky researchers identified several apps affected by the Necro Trojan, including those available in Google Play. Their combined audience numbered more than 11 million Android devices. The first affected app is the Wuta Camera, a photo editing and beautification tool. It has at least 10 million times. The Necro loader has been embedded in it starting from version 6.3.2.148. The latest version of the app, 6.3.6.148, which was available on Google Play, also had it. After the researchers reported the presence of malicious code to Google, the Trojan was removed from the app in version 6.3.7.138. The second infected app was Max Browser. This browser, according to Google Play, has been installed more than a million times and, starting with version 1.2.0, also contained the Necro loader. Google took down the infected app from the Play Store after it was reported. Kaspersky also found WhatsApp mods that had the Necro loader in unofficial sources. It also spotted the Spotify mod called "Spotify Plus," which promises free access to ad-free premium services. Plus, the report mentions mods for popular games like Minecraft, Stumble Guys, Car Parking Multiplayer, and Melon Sandbox, all of which were infected with the Necro loader. Mods, or modifications, are altered versions of original apps or games that often provide additional features or tweaks. GET FOX BUSINESS ON THE GO BY CLICKING HERE An Android phone  (Kurt "CyberGuy" Knutsson) ANDROID BANKING TROJAN MASQUERADES AS GOOGLE PLAY TO STEAL YOUR DATA Google is aware of the Necro malware and, as I mentioned above, it has already taken down the affected apps. A Google spokesperson provided us with the following statement: "All of the malicious versions of the apps identified by this report were removed from Google Play prior to report publication. Android users are automatically protected against known versions of this malware by Google Play Protect, which is on by default on Android devices with Google Play Services. Google Play Protect can warn users or block apps known to exhibit malicious behavior, even when those apps come from sources outside of Play." THE HIDDEN COSTS OF FREE APPS: YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  1. Have strong antivirus software: Android has its own built-in malware protection called Play Protect, but the Necro Trojan proves it’s not enough. Historically, Play Protect hasn’t been 100% foolproof at removing all known malware from Android phones. The best way to protect yourself from clicking malicious links that install malware that may get access to your private information is to have antivirus protection installed on all your devices. This can also alert you of any phishing emails or ransomware scams. Get my picks for the best 2024 antivirus protection winners for your Windows, Mac, Android and iOS devices. 2. Download apps from reliable sources: It’s important to download apps only from trusted sources like the Google Play Store. You might say I am contradicting myself, but Play Store is still safer than other options out there. It has strict checks to prevent malware and other harmful software. However, even with the security measures provided by Google Play, downloading apps from the store does not guarantee 100% protection against malware or harmful software. Avoid downloading apps from unknown websites or unofficial stores because they can pose a higher risk to your personal data and device. Never trust download links that you get through SMS. 3. Be cautious with app permissions: Always review the permissions requested by apps before installation. If an app requests access to features that seem unnecessary for its function, it could be a sign of malicious intent. Do not give any app accessibility permissions unless you really need to. Avoid granting permissions that could compromise your personal data. 4. Regularly update your device’s operating system and apps: Keeping your software up to date is crucial because updates often include security patches for newly discovered vulnerabilities that could be exploited by trojans. ANDROID USERS AT RISK AS BANKING TROJAN TARGETS MORE APPS The discovery of the Necro loader in apps like Wuta Camera, Max Browser and popular game mods shows just how serious security issues can be in the app world. With over 11 million Android devices affected, it’s crucial to be careful about where you download your apps. Unofficial sources can be a breeding ground for hidden threats, but the Play Store isn’t completely safe either. Google should look into what apps it allows on its platform. I haven’t seen as many malware issues affecting iPhone apps as there are on Android. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Do you think Google does enough to protect users from malware on the Play Store? Let us know by writing us at Cyberguy.com/Contact For more of my tech tips and security alerts, subscribe to my free CyberGuy Report Newsletter by heading to Cyberguy.com/Newsletter Ask Kurt a question or let us know what stories you'd like us to cover Follow Kurt on his social channels Answers to the most asked CyberGuy questions: New from Kurt: Copyright 2024 CyberGuy.com.  All rights reserved. Kurt "CyberGuy" Knutsson is an award-winning tech journalist who has a deep love of technology, gear and gadgets that make life better with his contributions for Fox News & FOX Business beginning mornings on "FOX & Friends." Got a tech question? Get Kurt’s free CyberGuy Newsletter, share your voice, a story idea or comment at CyberGuy.com. Get a daily look at what’s developing in science and technology throughout the world. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! 
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2024 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.
      Full Article:The US presidential campaign is in its final weeks and we’re dedicated to helping you understand the stakes. In this election cycle, it’s more important than ever to provide context beyond the headlines. But in-depth reporting is costly, so to continue this vital work, we have an ambitious goal to add 5,000 new members. We rely on readers like you to fund our journalism. Will you support our work and become a Vox Member today? Yes, you can use an app as your checking account — but there are risks. by  Adam Clark Estes Some people collect coins or stamps. For a time, I collected debit cards. Not stolen ones! Each one of them had my name on them, right below the logo of the latest banking app I’d decided to try out: Venmo, Cash App, Chime, Varo, Current, Acorns.  For the better part of a decade, I did all my banking through these apps, enjoying their slick user experience and lack of fees. The problem with every one of them, however, is that they’re not chartered banks. If the company behind the app went bankrupt, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) would not necessarily come to my rescue. This disaster scenario was a hypothetical worry when I eventually settled for Chase and its FDIC insurance. For millions of others, it became a reality earlier this year when a company called Synapse collapsed and froze them out of their accounts. Users of Yotta, a popular savings app with a built-in lottery, and other apps that relied on Synapse to help manage their accounts couldn’t access their money for months. Now, as hundreds of thousands of Synapse customers’ dollars remain in limbo, Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and Chris Van Hollen (D-MD) are calling for banking reforms, and the FDIC is proposing changes to its rules. Still, a growing number of people are embracing these financial technology, or fintech, services. More than a third of Gen Z and millennials used a fintech app or a digital bank as their primary checking account, according to a 2023 Cornerstone Advisors study.  So some questions are worth asking: Is it a bad idea to use an app like Venmo as your main bank? Are digital banks like Chime trustworthy enough? The answer to both questions is yes. Venmo is not a bank, and using it as your primary checking account comes with some risks. Some fintech companies, like Chime, are just as big as traditional banks and offer some nice perks. Again, because they’re nontraditional, there are risks. “You’re not going to go back to a world where everybody works with a small bank and walks into a branch,” Shamir Karkal, co-founder of Simple, one of the first digital banks. “The future is just going to be more fintech, and I think we all just need to get better at it.” To get better at all of this, it helps to know what’s going on behind the scenes. The term fintech can refer to a lot of things, but when you’re talking about everyday services for everyday people, it typically refers to either neobanks or money transmitters. Chime is a neobank. Venmo is a money transmitter. They’re regulated in different ways, but because most of these companies issue debit cards, many people treat them like checking accounts. Fintech apps are not the same thing as FDIC-insured banks.  Neobanks are fintech companies that offer services like checking accounts in partnership with chartered banks, which are FDIC-insured. Neobanks sometimes enlist intermediaries known as banking-as-a-service, or BaaS, companies, which are not FDIC-insured. Still, you will often see the FDIC logo on neobank websites, just like you see it stuck to the glass doors of many brick-and-mortar banks. That logo instills trust, and thanks to their partnerships, neobanks can claim some FDIC protections. But because they do not have bank charters, these neobanks and BaaS companies are not directly FDIC-insured. Instead, neobank customers can be eligible for something called pass-through deposit insurance coverage. Listen to Vox’s Adam Clark Estes break down the potential pitfalls of keeping your money in a fintech app, like Venmo or Chime. Venmo or Chime aren't as safe as you think they are. Here's what to know. Pass-through insurance is a simple concept that’s deceivingly complex in practice. Essentially, if you deposit money into an account with a neobank, like Chime, the funds get routed to a chartered bank, sometimes through one of those BaaS intermediaries. If the chartered bank fails, no problem: FDIC insurance kicks in, and you can recoup up to $250,000 of your deposits. If the intermediary fails or the neobank itself fails, you might be eligible for pass-through insurance — but you might not. In its explainer about when or if you’ll get your money back in these kinds of situations, the FDIC literally says, “It depends.” “American consumers see the FDIC logo, and they interpret that as meaning: My money is safe and I will get it back,” said Jason Mikula, who runs the popular Fintech Business Weekly newsletter. “That’s just not what FDIC does exactly.” Money transmitters, also known as money services businesses, are even further removed from the perceived safety of the FDIC. Put bluntly, if you’re keeping all your money in a Venmo or Cash App account, you don’t qualify for FDIC insurance. Money transmitters are not neobanks or banks at all but rather completely different legal entities that are regulated by individual states as well as the Department of the Treasury. There are certain protections provided by these agencies, but FDIC insurance is not one of them. So when an app like Yotta or Chime says on its website that it’s FDIC insured, it’s not a lie, but it’s not necessarily true either.  Venmo, to its credit, admits in the fine print of its homepage that its parent company PayPal “is not a bank” and “is not FDIC insured.” To confuse you even more, however, certain PayPal services that enlist a chartered bank partner, like a PayPal Mastercard or savings account, might qualify for FDIC insurance. Again, it depends. Fintech companies take careful steps to make banking with them feel safe. They include the FDIC logo on the website to provide customers with some peace of mind, even though the fine print on those protections is more complicated. They issue debit cards with the Visa or Mastercard logo to suggest that these cards play by the same rules as any big bank’s debit card. These logos can act as a stamp of approval, an assurance that your money is in good hands. This is actually the heart of the problem, as far as Sen. Elizabeth Warren is concerned. This month, she and Sen. Van Hollen asked regulators to ban neobanks and fintech companies from using the FDIC name and logo if they were only offering pass-through insurance. They also called for greater supervision of these companies under the Bank Service Company Act. “The average consumer shouldn’t be expected to understand the intricacies of FDIC insurance in order to comfortably and safely save or invest their money,” Warren’s letter says. “Consumers must feel confident that they are dealing with a regulated and insured entity when they see the FDIC logo.” That doesn’t necessarily mean that all neobanks and fintech companies are untrustworthy. In some cases, the sheer size and track record of fintech companies can instill quite a bit of trust. Chime, the largest digital bank with roughly 22 million customers, scored a $25 billion valuation in its latest round of funding and is planning to go public next year. Venmo’s parent company, PayPal, is widely considered safe and trustworthy. And don’t expect Block, the $42 billion company that owns Cash App as well as its own chartered bank, to fail any time soon. The truth is, even if there is some false sense of security, fintech apps offer certain customers features that big banks can’t or won’t. One thing that’s made Chime and many other neobanks so popular, for instance, is that they don’t charge so many fees. That’s a huge boon to young people as well as people without bank accounts. If a fintech app is your only option, then you might not care so much about FDIC insurance. “If you’re poor in America and you’re banking at Chase or Wells Fargo, you’re going to get overdraft fees, minimum balance fees,” Mikula explained. “So there is a real need that [fintech] companies fulfill as a result of your establishment banks essentially not wanting to bank poor people because it’s difficult to do profitably.”  As many as 6 percent of Americans were living without a bank account in 2023, according to Federal Reserve data. That share grows to 23 percent for those making less than $23,000 a year. The unbanked population, which disproportionately comprises Black, Hispanic, and undocumented people, is at a greater risk of falling victim to predatory lending practices, including payday loans. Some fintech companies also offer short-term loans, though they’ve been criticized for being predatory as well.  Payment apps like Venmo are popular with scammers. Using a Venmo-branded debit card comes with some purchase protection. If you happen to fall for a scam, however, there’s a good chance the app will not pay you back. Venmo, Cash App, and Zelle are all clear about issuing refunds for payments to other individuals: They don’t do it. Or at least they can’t guarantee it. You should treat these peer-to-peer payments like cash.  Here are some tips for spotting and avoiding scams on Venmo, Cash App, and Zelle. But if you’re more of a motivated-by-fear person, read this story about a guy who wanted a deal on a swimming pool and got “a $31,000 lesson in the downside of payment apps” instead. Still, fintech companies offer the unbanked the ability to save money and build credit. For someone who can’t open a traditional bank account, Venmo can be a lifeline, since they can add funds to their Venmo balance and then pay bills using their Venmo debit card without needing a traditional checking account. If they have access to a smartphone, getting basic banking services is simple these days. As I learned firsthand when testing out many of these services over the years, it’s very easy to sign up for and easy to deposit money into a fintech app. If you have a problem, however, help can be hard to find. Many fintech companies and neobanks, including Chime, lack brick-and-mortar locations, which means you can’t walk into a branch to get an issue resolved. In fact, poor customer service is a common complaint for these companies.  That means you should always research a company before giving money to it. Read the reviews and study the fine print. Obvious red flags include hidden fee structures and reports of customers not being able to withdraw their money. You should also consider trying services out with small sums rather than your life savings. And, as always, watch out for scams and frauds. What is true in the real world is even more true in the app world: Beware of deals that look too good to be true. Only gamble with what you’d be willing to lose. A version of this story was also published in the Vox Technology newsletter. Sign up here so you don’t miss the next one! You’ve read 1 article in the last month Here at Vox, we believe in helping everyone understand our complicated world, so that we can all help to shape it. Our mission is to create clear, accessible journalism to empower understanding and action. If you share our vision, please consider supporting our work by becoming a Vox Member. Your support ensures Vox a stable, independent source of funding to underpin our journalism. If you are not ready to become a Member, even small contributions are meaningful in supporting a sustainable model for journalism. Thank you for being part of our community. Swati Sharma Vox Editor-in-Chief We accept credit card, Apple Pay, and Google Pay. You can also contribute via Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day. How a tech and finance boom brought workers back to the office. It might just be the future of work for all of us. For the Portuguese, the answer is complicated. SB 1047 would have been a landmark in AI safety. Gavin Newsom’s veto is a major setback in the fight against AI risk “If humans are so smart, why are we so stupid?” The maker of ChatGPT promised to share its profits with the public. But Sam Altman just sold you out. The aesthetic of Cybertrucks, energy drinks, and MMA, explained. © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights ReservedFull Article:What does it take to be a rising star on Wall Street?If our list is anything to go by, you have to be an intensely hardworking, intellectually curious team player who's willing to go the distance to drive the biggest deals, win the most sought-after clients, or build the most successful businesses.  Every year, Business Insider taps its contacts to put together a list of who to watch on Wall Street. For the past seven years, we've received recommendations from bosses, colleagues, recruiters, and financial industry experts to create our annual feature. We ask that nominees be based in the US, be 35 or younger, and stand out among their peers to be eligible. The editors make the final decisions. These young professionals reflect the future of finance. A number of them are shaping the future of clean energy and artificial intelligence by financing the infrastructure that will underpin it. Some have seen their focus go from niche to hot asset. Others are influencing how Wall Street interacts with Main Street, using their skills and savvy to create new products and services for ordinary investors or giving employees at portfolio companies ownership stakes.  Business Insider asked these rising stars from leading firms like JPMorgan, Bridgewater, and Apollo to reflect on their successes, challenges, and best career advice. One of the most memorable days of Song's KKR career was when the firm sold Minnesota Rubber and Plastics for $950 million in August 2022. She had served on the business' board while getting her MBA and led the monthslong sales process. The best part, however, was traveling to the firm's Plymouth, Minnesota, manufacturing plant to tell employees they'd be receiving a payout as equity holders in the company. Since trialing its employee-ownership program in 2015, KKR has awarded billions of dollars of equity to over 100,000 nonsenior management employees across more than 50 portfolio companies. The firm bet that giving portfolio company workers a piece of the private-equity pie would actually grow the size of the pie.   Since graduating from Harvard in 2015, Song has worked on KKR's industrials portfolio team, which has been a proving ground for the employee-ownership program. She worked for four years on the firm's CHI Overhead Doors deal, which has become the case study for its employee-engagement model. All five deals she's worked on at KKR have an employee-ownership component. Song, who grew up in Silicon Valley after her family emigrated from China when she was 3, has long been a community builder. She rose through the ranks of Future Business Leaders of America in middle and high school to become the California state president before serving as copresident of Harvard's Undergraduate Women in Business program.  Song, now a principal at the firm, said the feeling of community on the industrials team is one of the reasons she's stayed at KKR for nearly a decade. She said her friends and family were surprised she ended up investing in industrials, but she's become fascinated by the sector. "Everything that you can learn about in a business textbook, this role takes it to the real world, and I can see it in action here," Song said. While researching investment-banking internships in college at Emory, Cheslin contacted a family friend who invited her to visit his trading floor and experience Wall Street for herself. It was love at first sight. "I walked onto the trading floor and never looked back," Cheslin told BI. "As soon as I walked onto the floor, heard the energy, heard the noise, I was like, 'This is somewhere that I want to be.' Maybe that sounds cliché." Today, Cheslin is a managing director in high-grade municipal trading at Wells Fargo. She joined the bank in 2012 as an analyst based in the firm's Charlotte, North Carolina, office, but later transferred to New York. She became a managing director in February.  Cheslin, who's part of a team that manages billions, works with institutional clients to address their liquidity needs. She recalled an inflection point in her career in early 2022 when she was on maternity leave and the market was hit by volatility stemming from the Fed's interest-rate hikes. She recalled returning to work in what she characterized as a "completely different market landscape." But the team pulled through and logged a record year.  "Knowing that I was a visible part of the effort to grow Wells Fargo's market share and to be growing our municipal franchise to be one of the top sales and trading desks on the Street is something that I'm incredibly proud of," she added. She said one key quality that's helped fuel her rise is staying open to whatever work opportunity has come her way. "Being visible not only on your desk as someone who is willing to do any task — I think that's the mindset that I've tried to keep from analyst to managing director is that I'm never bigger than any task that I would do myself." Anton got an early start in finance, buying stocks in high school during the 2008 financial crisis. Some bets, like buying Bank of America stock at its trough, paid off. (He chalks up less-successful bets, such as one on Bear Stearns, to experience.) This introduction came in handy for his first job after college as a financial institutions group analyst at Credit Suisse's investment bank. He spent two years there and another two at Kohlberg and Company before joining Apollo in 2018. The 32-year-old principal's work runs the gamut from insurance to agriculture. He helped raise capital for Apollo's retirement services unit, Athene, by developing a fundraising strategy that allows third parties to invest alongside the firm. These funding vehicles, or "sidecars," have raised $9.3 billion in committed capital as of June 30.  Anton was also Apollo's day-to-day lead on Vallourec, the French steel giant. Apollo sold its 28% stake for 955 million euros, about $1.04 billion, in March. Anton helped lead the acquisition of Vallourec during the COVID-19 pandemic and the firm's restructuring, which included moving operations from Germany to Brazil. He anticipates more opportunistic metals deals on the horizon as prices decline.  Anton, who majored in history at Princeton, credits his versatility to his fondness for learning about different sectors and the successes and failures in each field. "A lot of stuff has been done before," he said. "If you have the curiosity and build up your knowledge of the past, I've found that to be really beneficial as you think about covering new sectors or moving to a new job." As Apollo courts wealthy individuals, Anton is developing new investment products that allow the firm to partially cash out quarterly or monthly in exchange for somewhat lower returns. Apollo sells about $1 billion a month in semiliquid products spanning private credit and real assets. "It's going to be a really big growth area for the firm," he said. Carper has spent his career carving out a specialty in a niche area of finance: continuation vehicles, also known as "secondaries."  He helps private-equity firms raise new funds to purchase companies they already own — giving existing investors a return while keeping the company's current management team and extending the life cycle of the asset for the PE firm.  "Effectively, what we do is we help private-equity firms sell their highest-conviction, favorite portfolio companies to themselves," Carper said.  He spent the first five years of his career as an investor on the buy side, including stints at Morgan Stanley and Coller Capital, before joining Lazard's private capital advisory business in 2018 and Jefferies in 2021. Earlier this year, Carper helped Vestar Capital Partners close a $1.2 billion continuation vehicle for its stake in the research company Circana. He also helped Calera Capital close a $750 million continuation vehicle for the linen and laundry service company ImageFIRST.  Over Carper's career, these structures have switched from being a solution to a liquidity problem to a strategy that allows PE firms to hold on to some of their best portfolio companies and raise new capital, he said. When he entered the industry, he estimated there was less than $10 billion in continuation-vehicle volume annually. Now, there's more than $60 billion, and he thinks that will only grow. "I'm really excited to say that I think as a portion of the overall ecosystem, it's quite likely to grow," he said. "There's a lot of capital that is being formed to attack the opportunity right now." Cecil, one of two deputy chief investment officers at $108 billion Bridgewater Associates, was so ready to work full time at the firm that he dropped out of Columbia University to jump-start his career.  "The thing I really liked was the intensity, the competitive nature of markets, the authenticity of Bridgewater's culture," Cecil, who first interned at the firm before joining full time in 2017, said.  In his current role, he works closely with co-CIO Greg Jensen to gather insights and research from different teams and turn them into trades for the flagship strategy, Pure Alpha, which was up more than 14% through the first half of the year.  "The oversight is about innovation — what's the big thing we might be missing?" Cecil said.  Reams of deep research don't go far if there's not "a trader's mentality" to actually extract "a piece of alpha" from them, he said. He said he's constantly thinking about how to make sure the portfolio is "the expression of the things we believe about the world."  He was promoted to his current role at the start of this year after making his name at the firm with his research on currencies. That background has pushed him to search beyond stock and bond markets for alpha — and to consider how different assets will work in a single portfolio. "There's a lot more room for us to think about how all these asset classes come together," he said. Being named a portfolio manager of BlackRock's Total Return Fund in 2022, alongside the managers Rick Rieder and David Rogal, was a defining moment for Chen. "Becoming a named PM — it is incredible," Chen told BI. "I see that as a result of the ongoing contribution that I have had toward this set of funds and to the group." Chen calls herself a BlackRock lifer. She's been at the company 13 years and started out as an intern in the same fixed-income investment division she's currently in — only now she's comanaging a total of $60 billion across BlackRock's core, core plus, and global government portfolio mandates and leading research efforts for US rates. The Total Return Fund has about $20 billion in assets. Chen grew up in China and moved to the US by herself at 17 to attend high school in Ohio. She studied economics and statistics at Mount Holyoke College in Massachusetts and joined BlackRock full time in 2012 as an analyst focusing on US interest rates. She also had a stint as a macro researcher on the economics team. BlackRock's managing director credits her rise to the quality of her research. He said she was always willing to dig deep into the data to uncover differentiated views, which the group's leaders noticed.  "The intention or the motivation for me really was wanting to turn my ideas into action and see how they play out in the market," Chen said.  Her parents, who spent their entire careers in China's postal service, began working in their teens and studied part time to earn college degrees. They instilled a strong work ethic and passion for learning. "They basically immersed in me to just spend time at the library," she said. "I think my mindset of always trying to explore and trying to see more of the world came from a very young age because of that." White started his career working in franchising for Burger King, where his job was to bring on larger, better-capitalized franchisees, which usually turned out to be a PE firm or a family office.  "The stories from the families and the entrepreneurs and the funds and their thesis were super interesting to me," he said. "So I decided to go to school and scale that up." After completing his MBA at Northwestern in 2017, White joined Bank of America's consumer and retail investment banking team in New York. He's since played a key role in introducing a new focus for Bank of America as part of its emerging growth and regional coverage team. "A lot of our strategy was to take all the resources and all the talent that we were putting against bulge-bracket opportunities and bring it to the middle market and try and find opportunities that normally Bank America would not have been as tuned in to," White said. He took "a leap of faith" and joined the team in Chicago in 2019. "It was kind of full circle, having started my career with entrepreneurs," said White, who now advises family-owned businesses, founders, and early investors in those companies to deepen the bank's relationships in private capital markets and attach that to its public capital markets business. Even in a time of muted IPOs, White led a large industrial IPO this year. In 2023, he was key in advising a large financial sponsor client in a take-private transaction in healthcare. He also helped lead a buy-side transaction for a family-owned consumer business, where Bank of America was both the advisor and financing partner to the client. He has advised on more than 30 transactions totaling over $25 billion. Since White joined the Chicago team, he has helped it grow from three to 25 people. His advice to young professionals in the industry is to "be your own feedback loop."  "Don't wait for someone to tell you something did or didn't go well. Assess every situation yourself, almost obsessively think about, 'How can I have done that better?'" Kolwicz's parents worked in education in Warwick, New York, and though Kolwicz became an investment banker and not a teacher, he has adopted some of their characteristics. "My dad, for better or worse, anytime I asked him a question, it turned into a lesson with him," Kolwicz, a managing director in mergers and acquisitions at the elite boutique investment bank Moelis, told BI. "Sometimes, I find myself doing that a little bit too much with the people below me," he added with a laugh. "I want them to feel as invested in it from a junior level as I do from a senior level." He landed an internship at UBS in 2010 on the media and communications team. That led to a full-time job at the Swiss bank. He joined Moelis nine years ago and was elevated to the role of managing director in December. Kolwicz has advised on nearly 50 deals across various industries, collectively valued at about $125 billion. The deals span verticals from healthcare to media to energy. One of the largest deals he's advised on was last year's roughly $21 billion all-stock merger of WWE with Endeavor, the owner of Ultimate Fighting Championship. He's also been key to building Moelis' mergers business in the emerging cannabis sector. He's made a name for himself working on transactions like the $2.1 billion sale of Harvest Health & Recreation to Trulieve Cannabis Corp in 2021. The Harvest Health sale was a watershed opportunity for Kolwicz to plant his flag. He worked on the deal as an executive director before his promotion, collaborating closely with a colleague on executing the deal and presenting to the client's board every week. "The amount of experience for me to be able to do something like that" as an executive director, he said, "you don't really get it that often." Cardona approaches her often high-pressure job as a lead banker at RBC with a perspective not many on Wall Street possess. "I was illegal for 15 years of my life. I had to go through a lot of issues just getting through school," said Cardona of her move to New Jersey from Manizales, Colombia, when she was just 6 years old. "These are really big, real-world problems that I had to face on my own. So working, I would say I'm probably the most levelheaded of anyone on the team, because nothing really is that serious." Cardona worked multiple jobs to pay her way through her financial engineering degree at Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, New Jersey. She landed a spot in RBC's 2016 summer investment-banking internship and joined the firm once she graduated. Over the past six years, she's risen from analyst to vice president. As a member of RBC's communications, media, and entertainment banking team, Cardona worked on Apollo Global Management's $5 billion acquisition of Cox Media Group in 2019, the first and largest LBO in the TV broadcasting industry. She also helped close the radio broadcasting company MediaCo's acquisition of Estrella Media earlier this year. The COVID pandemic and subsequent interest-rate hikes stalled a lot of deal flow in her coverage area, but Cardona said she has high hopes for what's in store in the next year or so. She's seeing a lot of clients and media company owners waiting for the election and interest-rate cuts to play out.  She aims to be a mentor to young Latinos who aspire to go into banking. This year, she's leading a new program where she and other RBC employees will mentor 30 high schoolers from three New York City public schools. Cardona's message to other Wall Street hopefuls is to be unapologetically persistent, she said. "If I had let any doubt fill my mind in these 10 years, I would not be here. I was set up to not be here, actually." Going into energy investing was a natural choice for Stone Redding, who hails from a suburb between Dallas and Fort Worth. "Growing up in Texas, you're definitely exposed to energy as an important part of the economy and the state," she said. "And the cost of energy and the form of energy are such a core part of driving the broader global economy. That was always really fascinating to me." Stone Redding started her career at Morgan Stanley's investment bank in 2013 after graduating from the University of Texas at Austin's business school. She joined TPG in 2015, working on buyouts in traditional energy such as oil and gas. She left after 2 ½ years for a promotion at Warburg Pincus but returned in 2021 to work on clean-energy deals when TPG raised its Rise Climate fund, which closed in 2022 with $7.3 billion. Over the past three years, she has been involved in five deals that total about $1.5 billion in equity, per TPG. The principal helps lead North American deals in energy transition and sustainable fuels. She executed TPG's investment in the solar-tech company Nextracker, its spinoff, and its initial public offering. Nextracker now has a market cap of $5.7 billion. Stone Redding is interested in "the picks and shovels," aka the equipment-and-services providers that benefit from renewable-energy adoption but carry less risk than energy producers. In May, TPG Rise Climate acquired Olympus Terminals, a Southern California firm that stores and distributes renewable diesel fuel, for an undisclosed amount. Clean energy spans a wide range of business models from manufacturing to software. Stone Redding said setting priorities and sticking to them is the hardest part of her job. "There's a lot of exciting things to do in our space, and we have a small but mighty team," she said. Wilson is a top credit underwriter at Blue Owl Capital, overseeing nearly $5 billion in deals across some 20 transactions in her five years there.  Wilson was primed early on for a life in leveraged finance thanks to some formative bonding moments with her mother over, well, bonds. She has fond memories of visiting her mom — now retired after 25 years working in municipal bonds — on the Deutsche Bank trading floor in Boston and playing around with the Bloomberg Terminal. This inspired a fascination with how companies operate and also a belief that women could succeed in the male-dominated finance industry.  Years later, after graduating from Boston College in 2015, Wilson joined a mid-market credit firm as the only woman on a six-person investment team analyst class.  "I didn't have any real reservations or qualms about joining an analyst class where I was the only woman," Wilson said.  She moved to Blue Owl, then known as Owl Rock, as an associate in 2019 and quickly garnered trust and was given more responsibilities by senior leaders. She credits her success, in part, to her knack for fastidious preparation — anticipating the critical information a busy exec may need and having concise answers at the ready.  Wilson, who was promoted to vice president in January, has helped underwrite and execute loans to firms including Inspira Financial and Worldwide Clinical Trials, and in 2020, she also took a lead role in Blue Owl's small-business lending program during the COVID-19 pandemic, which provided working capital to 11 borrowers. She has watched private credit's explosion into a $2 trillion market firsthand. Blue Owl's credit AUM has grown from roughly $15 billion when she joined to over $95 billion today. Even as deal sizes have ballooned — what were once $1 billion transactions are now commonly $3 billion to $5 billion or more — her approach hasn't. "Fundamentally, the job hasn't changed, but the scale and scope of opportunities has grown," Wilson said. Khosla was climbing mango trees at 12 years old in his native India long before he climbed the ranks of Wall Street to become a managing director at Goldman Sachs. "I am very much a proponent of luck and gratitude," Khosla said. "I mean this when I say it: Never in my wildest dreams did I assume I would be here, when you asked the 12-year-old boy." Today, Khosla leads the investment-grade financing and corporate derivatives business for healthcare and real estate within Goldman's global banking and markets unit. He works with clients on their financing needs and advises them on deal-specific risks —  like changes to interest rates — with the goal of positioning Goldman as a "top-tier" financier to strategic clients and asset managers.  Khosla said that being part of the team that rolled out Goldman's transaction-banking business, which handles cash for big corporate customers, helped distinguish him. But when asked what attribute has most contributed to his success, he pointed to the emotional — not just the technical. "Some of my most successful transactions have been where I've really doubled down on that EQ and compassion," he said, "which is to truly get to know your clients, not just as corporations, but actually as the people that they are." It's likely a big factor in his promotion to managing director in 2019. Khosla moved to the US full time in 2006 to study at Georgetown, where he landed a gig as a bank teller at the student-run Georgetown University Alumni and Student Federal Credit Union. Khosla became the credit union's chief financial officer and treasurer in 2008 — before he was even of legal drinking age. "I was the CFO of a $15 million balance sheet in the heart of the financial crisis," he said. He went on to join Goldman as an analyst in 2010. Away from work, Khosla, a married father of two, is passionate about improving education in the juvenile-justice system and sits on the board of the nonprofit BreakFree Education. When Dan joined Citadel Securities in 2022, he was given an ambitious mandate to establish the firm's presence in Japan.  Dan, who was born in China and grew up in Japan, was mostly starting from scratch. Citadel Securities had neither Japanese clients nor an office in Japan, and Dan, one of the first hires on his team, worked mostly as a one-man show advising clients on their fixed-income trades. But as one of the largest foreign holders of US Treasurys with more than $1 trillion in holdings, Japan represented an untapped gold rush for Ken Griffin's market maker.  Citadel Securities now has trading relationships with at least 30 top fixed-income firms in Japan, Dan said, covering nearly all the major investment firms in the country. As a senior vice president of fixed-income sales, Dan offers his perspective on the economy and market moves to Japanese banks, asset managers, pensions, and life insurance companies. From his home base in New York, he acts as a sounding board for clients' investment ideas to ultimately win more trades for Citadel Securities.  Before Citadel Securities, Dan spent the prior 10 years fostering relationships with Japanese financial institutions for Deutsche Bank, where he worked on the fixed-income sales team. Becoming a part of clients' everyday routines has also helped Dan grow market share.  Dan usually starts and ends his day the same way: on the phone with his clients. He gives them market updates every day over the phone; for some key clients, that's been the case for the last five years, he said.  "Consistency is key. I think no matter what you do," Dan said, "do it every day so that clients remember you, and then it becomes their custom to read your comments." DiGia is a professional investor who has supported roughly $1 billion worth of investments during his time at General Atlantic. In some ways, he's also a professional taste tester. As a vice president who leads food-and-beverage investing and focuses on restaurant franchising and apparel, his love of food has become an important part of his job.  "I love trying new brands and new restaurants, and the thought of working with brands that I'm a consumer of every day was really appealing," DiGia, who joined General Atlantic after spending two years as an investment banker on JPMorgan's consumer and retail team, said. "But I didn't realize how exciting the job could be on the investing side." At General Atlantic, an investment in the Austin chain Torchy's Tacos turned every fast-casual lunch into a case study, with DiGia often asking staff about the business' operations. He left General Atlantic for a short stint in 2020 to get an MBA at Stanford, though he didn't get far. He interned with his old portfolio company, European Wax Center, assisting in the chain's 2022 IPO. He now sits on the boards of Joe and the Juice, Restore Hyper Wellness, and Athletic Brewing. While DiGia's tastes might influence his investments, becoming a shareholder of Athletic Brewing actually altered them. Athletic Brewing is the top-selling beer, alcoholic or otherwise, at Whole Foods Market, DiGia said. Athletic's success and the rapid growth of the nonalcoholic beverage category, compared with a flatter trajectory for traditional beer, prompted General Atlantic to lead a $50 million equity financing.  When DiGia began working on the deal, he didn't have much of an interest in nonalcoholic beer. But now, he fits them into his social life, replacing his usual drink during a work dinner.  Elliott was Bank of America's top vice president globally in interest-rate sales last year, generating nearly $30 million from large hedge-fund clients — production more in line with directors and managing directors.  There's no obvious connection between Elliott's background and his ascendance in Bank of America's global markets division. How does food services and catering experience translate into elite hedge-fund sales?  Elliott grew up in Charlotte, North Carolina, the son of two small-business entrepreneurs. His father ran a cleaning business and his mother a catering company, which meant a tenacious approach to work "was just kind of drilled into me — the idea of outworking everyone else in order to shine, in order to get visibility," he said. That ethic helped him earn his first internship in high school when the CEO of a food-procurement corporation saw Elliott's hustle at one of his mother's catering jobs and offered him an opportunity typically reserved for college students.  Wall Street didn't emerge as a career path until the summer before his sophomore year at Duke when he attended a Bank of America diversity summit. "It was terrifying because I knew nothing about finance, but it was amazing to see senior people who looked like me could succeed on Wall Street," Elliott said. He didn't let lack of expertise discourage him from a great opportunity, studying to get up to speed after the bank offered him a summer internship. "I didn't have the most technical finance background, but I did consider myself, in most rooms I'd go into, the hardest worker."  But success serving hedge funds requires savvy, not just intensity. Elliott said he treats every client meeting or dinner as if it's the most important moment of the day, and he comes armed with strategies and ideas that cut against the grain. "You don't want to be a salesperson that always agrees with the client," Elliott said. "You want to have different perspectives for them to analyze." Elliott also helps further the company diversity efforts that once helped him, including serving as recruiting cochair for Bank of America's group committed to developing and engaging African American leaders. Rooney, a sub-portfolio manager at the multistrategy hedge fund Eisler Capital, literally took an off-the-beaten-path route to his current role. While Rooney and Eisler declined to comment on this story, the 27-year-old investor told his former Citadel colleague Michael Watson about his circuitous journey to investing last year on the latter's podcast. Growing up in Ohio, Rooney said he didn't finish high school, choosing instead to bounce around jobs, including leading wilderness trips.  While leading a canoeing trip in Canada, he met a college administrator who told him to get in touch if he wanted to return to school. He ended up at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where he studied math and statistics and interned for the agriculture trading shop Louis Dreyfus. He said a senior trader told him hedge funds would try to woo him but that he should ignore their pitches for a steadier career at a place like Dreyfus — unless it was Citadel on the other line.  "I didn't even know who Citadel was at the time," Rooney, who promptly went to the firm's careers website and applied to be a commodities trader, said.  Nowadays, he knows that "no 23-year-old is a portfolio manager at any hedge fund, much less Citadel." But he was hired as an associate after a long Zoom call with an agricultural trading executive at the firm and told to dive into livestock trading.  He taught himself how to code in Python and added biofuels to his remit during his more than two years working for Ken Griffin before joining Eisler in October 2022.  He now trades derivatives across different asset classes at Eisler's New York office but still has his wilderness experience in the back of his mind. "If there's a thunderstorm and you're in the middle of a 20-mile-wide lake, you got to get to shore," he told Watson.  Rooney said it gives "you a real appreciation of the fact that random stuff can happen, and there's real risk imbued in that randomness." No workday for Williams has been the same for nearly a decade. Williams was the first hire by the activist lawyer David Rosewater for Morgan Stanley's new shareholder activism and corporate defense team in 2015. Since then, Williams has worked for General Motors as the automaker beat back proposals from David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital to create two classes of stock and Bristol Myers Squibb, which came under attack from the activist Starboard Value over its $74 billion acquisition of Celgene in 2019.  "I always have loved the strategic aspect of it," she said. "There is no typical theme; there is no typical evolution. Each client is different."  Defense is in her blood — her father's a retired vice admiral in the Navy, and her brother is a US Naval Academy graduate. While she considered the same path for herself, she didn't see herself becoming an officer for the long term.  Instead, she gets to do "my own version of defense, in finance." "My parents tell everyone I'm still in the family defense business," she said. Her focus is on keeping Morgan Stanley's well-regarded team among the industry's leaders while also "constantly evolving." While the big-name activism campaigns and contentious proxy fights get the most headlines, she relishes working with companies on their strategies preemptively.  "Every situation is incredibly unique," Williams, who has worked on hundreds of different defense strategies over the years, said. "You help them think through and plan how they can control their own destiny," she added. Zhu joined Blackstone in 2015 as the company was raising $4.5 billion for its second energy fund. Since then, Zhu has helped mentor a team that has grown to more than 30. And in the past year, he's worked on more than $2 billion in energy-transition investments. Zhu invests in assets that support renewable-energy adoption. He's worked on acquisitions of companies that will be central to upgrading the electric grid, including Blackstone's 2021 deal for Sabre Industries, which manufactures steel utility poles and towers, and its 2023 acquisition of Power Grid Components, which makes safety devices for substations. Zhu grew up with his grandparents in China, but at 17, he decided to challenge himself by applying to college in the US. He didn't speak English at the time but was accepted to the University of Guam, one of the few places that would take him without an SAT score. From there, a postgraduate business course helped him get into Duke's Fuqua School of Business. He then spent two years working in energy investment banking at BMO Capital Markets, where he realized he was more interested in working on the tangible versus the theoretical. He said he's so drawn to why things happen and the factors that make up people's lives and communities that he sometimes wonders if he should've majored in sociology or psychology. It's a big reason he enjoys working in energy transition: The real assets he helps buy can make a difference to people around the world. While he was negotiating a deal for the backup power company Trystar earlier this year, Texas experienced a catastrophic seven-day power outage. Zhu quickly saw how the company's growth could make an impact. "The benefit would be incredibly tangible and would impact a lot of lives," he said. Eid-Holm considers himself a "social nerd." The 32-year-old is a principal at Ares Infrastructure Opportunities, a $12 billion arm of the Los Angeles-based alternative asset manager Ares Management, where he focuses on digital assets, including data centers.  "I'm a math person, but I also like to talk to people," Eid-Holm said.  That flexibility comes in handy in a business that sits at a complicated intersection between real estate and the utility and technology industries. "Often the hardest part of getting a project off the ground is not an engineering problem; it's getting the right permits, working with the community," Eid-Holm said. Data-center development is booming, driven in large part by the proliferating need for the computing power and storage necessary to develop and commercialize artificial intelligence. Eid-Holm has helped Ares push into the asset class, including an undisclosed investment by the company in Prime Data Centers, a prominent data center developer and operator.  As power has been exhausted on the grid, Eid-Holm has had to get creative. "Traditionally, the utility would build all the transmission lines and a substation next to the data center," Eid-Holm said. "We're increasingly seeing an opportunity/requirement for the developer to take on more and more of that role."  Eid-Holm said he began to notice investment opportunities in the data-center space in the mid-2010s when he was a young executive at Deutsche Bank.  "One deal the first year became two deals the next year became my full-time job," he said. "For me, it's been: Work very hard, and lean into good opportunities." Eid-Holm was raised in Ottawa and came to New York to work in finance after graduating from the University of Waterloo. He has a fiancé and said he often reads books "directly or tangentially related to my job" in his free time.  "I'm very passionate about what I do," he said. "I work too hard for it to be only about financial results." Gilbert's first foray into finance was a flop.  "I vividly remember going into my first interview with Barclays, and I totally bombed the interview," he said. "I have joked that the interviewer pulled out his phone five minutes into the interview and was replying to work emails."  But growing up as a competitive athlete, playing everything from basketball and soccer to being a double black belt in karate, Gilbert was conditioned to try to rebound from the losses. "It was, kind of, the kick in the ass that I needed in order to put my career into hyperdrive," Gilbert said.  Gearing up allowed Gilbert to rise from UBS's investment bank to Summit Partners, a growth equity firm in Menlo Park, California. He's now the managing director of capital markets at Thoma Bravo, one of the world's largest technology-focused buyout firms, with some $142 billion in assets under management.  Gilbert's team of six works with banks, other PE firms, and direct lenders to secure financing that enables Thoma Bravo's dealmakers to make investments. The credit can come from new investments but also from refinancing and repricing existing investments.  Through his relationships with about 150 banks and direct lenders, Gilbert has led the industry with pioneering financing structures — such as utilizing private debt markets — to arrange more than $84 billion in total funded debt since 2018. One loan helped finance Thoma Bravo's $10.7 billion acquisition of the planning software provider Anaplan. Gilbert and the team bypassed traditional banks to secure a $2.9 billion loan from PE lenders, including Blackstone and Apollo Global Management, within eight days.  This year alone, Gilbert and the capital markets team have led 25 refinancings and repricings totaling over $23 billion in transaction volumes. Those efforts have saved Thoma Bravo more than $250 million in annual interest savings across the firm's portfolio. Spending her first years at BlackRock as an analyst in its corporate mergers-and-acquisitions advisory arm gave Ding, now an infrastructure investor, a front-row seat to the firm's push into private markets. The Princeton grad joined BlackRock in 2015 after a stint at the investment firm Harding Loevner. In the years she spent on the corporate strategy team, BlackRock acquired First Reserve Corporation's energy-infrastructure investment platform and the private credit firm Tennenbaum Capital Partners. More recently, BlackRock made its biggest push into private markets, agreeing to buy Global Infrastructure Partners for $12.5 billion.  The chance to learn where the world's largest asset manager was placing its bets was a "very compelling place to be," she said, and it ultimately convinced her to join the infrastructure business in 2019.  As the head of Americas for BlackRock's infrastructure solutions unit, Ding advises on about $15 billion in capital commitments and oversees the origination, underwriting, and management of infrastructure investment opportunities in the US, Canada, and Latin America. She has directly led or co-led over $2 billion of investments, ranging from renewable energy to data-center businesses to waste-management companies. She sees a "tremendous amount of opportunity" in companies related to energy transition, security, and reliability. She also focuses on the infrastructure players set to benefit from the decarbonization of carbon-emitting industries such as transportation and waste. Her path to private markets was influenced by her mentor, the late Jerry Kenney, an advisor to BlackRock and a former Merrill Lynch executive who led the bank's expansion into investment banking. As an analyst, Ding took on side projects for Kenney, who was working on ways to grow BlackRock's alternative-investments business.  Ding says she continues to raise her hand to take on extra work her team needs to succeed. "It doesn't matter if you're a director or a VP and you consider it analyst-level work," she said. "If it needs to get done to move the business or a team forward, you just do it." In two years, Alcalay has built a high-performing business in a buzzy macro strategy for the quant behemoth Two Sigma.  Few hedge-fund trades have inspired more hype lately than Alcalay's niche, the lucrative basis trade, which harvests small price discrepancies from highly levered government-bond positions. "It's really hard to hire good people for that seat because, for the most part, the good people are doing really well, and their firms are clinging on to them tightly," Colin Teichholtz, a senior portfolio manager who was looking to build out a team at BlueMountain in 2018, said. He was thrilled to happen upon a young, relatively unknown trader at Barclays. Alcalay comes from an unorthodox background. He's a former information warfare officer with the US Navy, where he earned the prestigious Joint Service Commendation Medal for his work in Afghanistan. He subsequently worked with the National Security Administration, briefing senior military leaders on strategic-level threats.  After leaving active duty, he joined Goldman Sachs in interest-rates trading, an uncommon career path for military veterans. But Alcalay's war-zone experience sharpened skills — such as making sense of raw data and sources of intel and judging their limitations to draw a conclusion — have proved well-suited to bond trading, a trader close to him said. He has the "capability to layer human intuition on top of technology," the trader said. At BlueMountain, Alcalay identified trades not just in US Treasurys but also in the European and UK markets. Alcalay covered it all and did so with poise, Teichholtz said. When panic struck the repo funding markets in 2019, he kept his cool. "He generated returns in excess of our targets with a really high Sharpe," Teichholtz said. Alcalay joined Brevan Howard two years later. In 2022, Two Sigma sought out Alcalay to build a bond basis trade strategy. His trading book has since grown substantially, and the firm continues to scale up around his strategy, people familiar with the matter said. Alcalay founded a group to support other veterans involved in trading, and he helped organize a recent networking event and panel at Two Sigma for translating a military background to quantitative finance.  Portfolio manager Gnedin grew up in a family full of astrophysicists and rocket scientists — which is part of the reason she never wanted to be one.  "I guess for me, acting out was choosing the econ path," Gnedin said. The Princeton alum was inspired by her economist grandfather, the "lone black sheep" of the family who "was always the most interesting man at any dinner party," she said.  But after two years as an analyst in investment banking, Gnedin, "a little bit jaded on finance," went in search of something new. In 2017, she landed a position at the largest publicly traded hedge fund, Man Group, where Gnedin has forged a path that marries her family's backgrounds.  Gnedin originally joined as a quantitative researcher building algorithms for the firm's systematic investment arm, which relies on mathematical models to make investment decisions. One algorithm that Gnedin developed systematically reviewed existing model performance and identified which models should be retired. Since launching in 2019, the algorithm, one of the first of its kind at the firm, has led to about two to three models a year being dropped, she said. In 2020, Gnedin moved to the portfolio management side of the business, where she directly manages about $1.4 billion in equities in developed markets. As a quant PM, Gnedin said her job is more about managing models than specific stocks. She still spends plenty of time researching modeling techniques in old textbooks and tinkering with algorithms.  When she's not nose-deep in economic research or alternative datasets, you can likely find the San Franciscan taking in the views on the Stonewall-Panoramic Trail in the East Bay with her husky. When she entered the University of Georgia, Osteen planned to pursue a career in science, but she fell in love with economics after taking an introductory course at the end of her sophomore year. After graduating in 2016, she interned at the Federal Reserve full time while studying applied economics at George Washington University. She earned her master's degree and spent another four years at the Federal Reserve as a research assistant and financial analyst.  Osteen became more interested in working on Wall Street as she learned the ins and outs of stress testing and analyzed pending mergers-and-acquisition proposals from large banks. Seeking a faster-paced environment, Osteen left in 2022 to join Fidelity's asset management division as a fixed-income portfolio analyst.  "Taking on challenges and trying to figure out puzzles really gets me motivated and passionate, and I feel like that is what asset management and fixed-income markets are all about," she said. "You're constantly trying to figure out and use all your resources and information to piece the puzzle together." She works with a team of three portfolio managers with about $72 billion in assets, including a low-duration bond ETF that has amassed $374 million since its February launch. In addition to her day-to-day account management work, she oversees due diligence and relationship management with bank and insurer partners for the desk's $35 billion book of stable value funds, a popular low-risk product that is guaranteed by insurers. Osteen, who had no experience in asset management before joining Fidelity, credits her swift transition to her willingness to speak up. "Not being afraid of ask questions and give your opinions and thoughts constructively is very important," she said. "It's just really being comfortable and willing to put yourself out there." At JPMorgan Asset Management, Lenihan manages $21 billion in 8,000 customizable portfolios that provide generous tax advantages for the firm's clients. He is an architect of the bank's booming Tax Smart Separately Managed Account platform, which leverages the technology of 55ip, a fintech that Lenihan helped identify for a partnership and JPMorgan then acquired. The dual role of fund manager and product developer combines his interest in finance with his engineering background.  An engineer by training, Lenihan began his career monitoring the quality of suppliers' parts at Chrysler. Soon, however, he found himself thinking more about the economics of how truck and car parts played into the company's profitability than the manufacturing aspect.  Hung up on these questions, and after talking to friends from the University of Michigan about their finance internships, Lenihan decided he wanted to know more about investing. He was hired into a rotational analyst program for JPMorgan's private bank, and to get closer to an investing role, he took on additional projects with portfolio managers and earned his CFA.  Learning about how companies make money, why they should be financed, or their value, was "really intriguing to me," Lenihan, who also has an MBA from Wharton, said. "And as I got there, it was something that I just kind of fell in love with — really dove in since day one." His programming skills and willingness to pitch in on different projects led to opportunities like building out the firm's robo-advisor with his mentor, Ted Dimig. Lenihan led the development of a product that required buy-in from across internal tech teams, third-party partners, and operations. "That was the genesis of a lot of my passion and love for that dual-hat role was being able to flex multiple skill sets," he said. He still dedicates time to finding fintech partners to work with or acquire. Lenihan also launched a mentoring program that seeks to build connectivity among different teams at the asset manager.  "I have learned firsthand about how successful you can be with those close partnerships when you work together, " he said. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:Patrick Galleher is the Managing Partner of Boxwood Partners, an investment bank in Jupiter, Florida, where he leads sell-side transactions.   Investment banking is defined by its intensity, complexity and demand for excellence. As managing partner at Boxwood Partners, I’ve had the privilege of leading high-stakes transactions and managing talented teams. Through this experience, I’ve observed that former college athletes often bring a distinct edge to our field—driven by qualities like resilience, precision and an ability to thrive under pressure. Athletes understand that achievement is the result of relentless discipline and sacrifice. This work ethic translates seamlessly into investment banking, where the demands are high and the hours are long. Success in our industry requires professionals who can sustain peak performance across multiple projects, much like athletes who dedicate themselves to rigorous training. At Boxwood Partners, I’ve seen firsthand how former athletes channel their work ethic from the field to the financial world, delivering outstanding results. Team members such as Madison Day, a former linebacker; Brian Alas, a former baseball player; Dan Martinson, a former baseball player; Robbie Nickle, a former baseball player, John Atkinson, a former lacrosse player; and Justin Jasper, a former wide receiver, exemplify this successful transition. Research has shown a strong correlation between playing sports and achieving success in high-pressure corporate positions. According to an article by Jason Hanold, many former athletes go on to excel in high-level, intensity roles, with their athletic experiences providing a solid foundation for their perseverance. For instance, the Drive Group infographic cited in Hanold's article reveals that 95% of Fortune 500 CEOs played sports in college, including Walter Robb, the former CEO of Whole Foods, and Indra Nooyi, a former college cricket player who became the CEO of PepsiCo. John Donahoe, the CEO of Nike, played basketball at Dartmouth College, and Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of Facebook, was a high school fencing star. While Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America, played rugby at Brown. These examples further highlight the significant overlap between athletic discipline and business tenacity. In both sports and investment banking/business, preparation is everything. Athletes meticulously train, study opponents and refine strategies to ensure readiness for competition. This level of preparation is equally critical in our industry, where the stakes are high and the margin for error is low. Whether conducting due diligence for a potential deal, or preparing for meetings, thorough preparation is nonnegotiable. Athletes understand the importance of being ready for any challenge, which is an essential mindset in the fast-paced world of investment banking. Athletes learn early the premise there is no “I” in team—individual talent alone is not enough to win games. Rather, it’s the collective effort, trust and communication within the team that leads to victory. This same principle applies in investment banking, where collaboration is key. Our industry often involves high-pressure situations where effective teamwork can make the difference between success and failure. At Boxwood Partners, we foster a culture where collaboration is paramount, recognizing that collective effort drives our shared success. In high-pressure situations, the ability to rely on your teammates and trust their contributions becomes a crucial factor in successfully executing deals. One of the most challenging aspects of being a student-athlete is balancing rigorous training schedules with academic responsibilities. This ability to manage time effectively translates directly to the demands of investment banking. Knowing how to strategically prioritize tasks, manage deadlines and maintain focus under pressure is critical for success in our industry. Former athletes are adept at juggling multiple commitments, ensuring they meet tight deadlines while maintaining the quality of their work. Athletes are accustomed to setbacks. Whether it’s a tough loss or an injury, they learn to recover and return stronger. This resilience, coupled with a willingness to embrace and apply feedback, is invaluable in investment banking. The dynamic nature of our industry demands that professionals adapt quickly, learn from experiences and continuously refine their approach for optimal performance. At Boxwood, we view feedback as essential coaching—an opportunity to elevate performance, much like athletes do on the field. By iterating and learning faster, our professionals are better equipped to navigate the industry's complexities and achieve success. Athletes are no strangers to hard work, tenacity and persistence. The ability to push through challenges, stay focused on long-term goals and maintain determination in the face of adversity sets successful professionals apart. In investment banking, the road to success is rarely straightforward, and those who demonstrate persistence are often the ones who excel. At Boxwood Partners, we value this drive, recognizing that it is critical to achieving excellence in our field. Strong relationships are the cornerstone of success in both sports and investment banking. Athletes can spend years cultivating deep connections with teammates and coaches. These bonds are forged through trust, mutual respect and shared experiences, whether in victory or defeat. Successful investment bankers understand that trust and rapport are the foundation of any effective business relationship. Just as athletes rely on their teammates to execute a game plan, bankers must depend on their colleagues, clients and investors to successfully navigate complex transactions. Nurturing these relationships goes beyond the transactional. It’s about understanding each client's unique needs and goals, just as an athlete would understand the strengths and weaknesses of their teammates. It’s about being there in the long run, offering support, guidance and solutions tailored to each client’s circumstances. In the world of investment banking, these relationship-building skills are not just beneficial but essential. The parallels between sports and investment banking are undeniable, with both requiring a unique blend of discipline, resilience, teamwork and the ability to perform under pressure. Former athletes bring these attributes into the office, translating their experiences on the field into a competitive advantage in the high-stakes world of finance. Their commitment to preparation, time management and goal-setting—paired with their ability to build strong relationships and embrace feedback—positions them to excel in our demanding industry. At Boxwood Partners, we see the impact of these qualities firsthand. By fostering an environment that values hard work, collaboration and continuous improvement, we not only support our professionals' growth but also ensure our firm's long-term success. Forbes Finance Council is an invitation-only organization for executives in successful accounting, financial planning and wealth management firms. Do I qualify? Full Article:Digital Banking Heading into the final months of 2024, U.S. consumer sentiment about their personal finances and the general economy is mixed at best. While there are signs of slight optimism, consumers’ expectations are tempered by uncertainties around inflation, political developments, and economic stability. During times of economic uncertainty, consumers are increasingly focused on how best to manage finances. This creates a valuable opportunity for financial institutions to step in as trusted advisors. As consumers seek to interact with their banks in a variety of ways, it’s essential for these institutions to be prepared to answer the call at a moment’s notice. “U.S. banks have collectively spent hundreds of billions of dollars on technology, with a significant portion of that deployed to improve the self-service and digital experiences for their customers,” said Emily Steele, president, and COO of banking operations software provider Savana . “The downside is this has created more silos, rather than unifying operations between self-service and assisted banking channels, and that can hamper a banker’s ability to truly assist customers when it matters the most, especially at times of economic uncertainty.” According to a recent Prosper Insights & Analytics survey, 22.5 percent of respondents feel “somewhat insecure/financially vulnerable.” Gen-Z particularly feels this way at 27.2 percent. While 16.8 percent of overall respondents described themselves as feeling “very insecure/financially vulnerable,” that figure rose to 21.4 percent among Gen-X consumers. Boomers appear to have the most confidence in their finances as 14 percent of them are said to be “very secure/financially stable,” while 12.3 percent believe they are “very insecure/financially vulnerable.” Prosper - Overall Financial Security Consumers have shown that, regardless of their overall financial confidence, they will seek to communicate with their financial institutions in both good and bad times. Despite the efforts banks have made with AI chat programs like Bank of America’s Erica chatbot over recent years, consumers overwhelmingly prefer to speak with an actual human being. According to a recent Prosper Insights & Analytics survey, 86.4 percent of respondents prefer to speak with a live person at a bank as opposed to 13.6 percent that preferred an AI chat program. This preference is high across all demographics, especially Boomers at 93.7 percent. Even Gen-Z, which is usually at the forefront of adopting the newest technologies, would prefer to speak with a human as 81.7 percent of respondents in that demographic chose this method. Among those respondents that did prefer to communicate with a bank via an AI chat program, Millennials led the way at 19.6 percent, followed by Gen-Z at 18.3 percent. Only 6.3 percent of Boomers said they would prefer to communicate with a bank via an AI chat program. Prosper - Prefer To Communicate With Live Person or AI Chat Program Since consumers overwhelmingly prefer to communicate with a live person when dealing with a bank, it's crucial for these institutions to ensure their backend systems are seamlessly connected. According to a 2023 report by PwC, 82% of U.S. consumers want more human interaction as technology improves. Whether it’s ATMs, call centers, or digital banking experiences, most banks have invested the necessary funds to keep pace with evolving consumer expectations, which in recent years has come via the likes of Amazon and Uber. However, this spending has introduced a new problem into banks: a variety of disparate systems has made it difficult for the bank employee to be efficient at their jobs. If consumers overwhelmingly prefer to speak to a live person, this can prove to be daunting task for banks. Something as simple as a change-of-address inquiry can become complex when there are multiple systems of record at a financial institution. “When we envision what that looks like for a call-center employee, they’re usually ‘swivel chairing and alt-tabbing’ between applications to handle this one customer service task,” Steele said. “Not only is this time-consuming for the employee, but the chance for human error is also high. This causes a lost opportunity to engage in financial consultative conversation because the bank employee does not feel equipped with just the right information while they have the customer on the phone. ” This issue of disparate systems wreaking havoc with the consumer experience also extends to the physical branch, where consumers still do like to do business. According to a recent Prosper Insights & Analytics survey, 20.6 percent of respondents still prefer to do business at a physical location. Not surprisingly, Boomers lead the way with this method at 24.6 percent, followed by Gen-X at 20.2 percent and Gen-Z at 17.3 percent. Overall, bank customers overwhelmingly prefer to interact with financial institutions remotely. Some 39.1 percent of respondents prefer to do business via a mobile app. That jumps to 51.5 percent with Gen-Z consumers, and 50.9 percent with Millennials. Prosper - How You Interact With Your Financial Institution But even for consumers that prefer remote contact with a bank, physical branch operations should not be understated. The largest banks for years have promised their customers the ability to start more complicated transactions online, and then seamlessly finish them in the branch if needed. But what’s happening at most institutions is an inconsistent experience when customers interact with their bank in-branch versus through a mobile/online device. “If a customer begins a credit card or mortgage application online and hits a snag, they should be able to pick it up right where they left off when they visit a branch for assistance,” Steele said. “This approach strengthens the overall digital experience banks today are seeking to perfect, particularly when consumers prefer digital interaction.” The challenge for banks lies in balancing technological advancements with the enduring demand for personalized, human touchpoints, Steele added. The current siloed nature of many banking systems can complicate even simple transactions, leading to inefficiencies and increased potential for errors. “Addressing these issues is essential not only for improving the customer experience but also for maintaining trust and satisfaction in a competitive financial landscape,” she said. Moreover, while digital and remote banking options are favored by many, the importance of consistent, high-quality service across both digital and physical branches cannot be overstated, Steele added. As consumers navigate their financial futures, banks must ensure that their services are both accessible and reliable, whether customers choose to engage online, through mobile apps, or in person at a branch. This approach will be key to sustaining consumer confidence and loyalty in the months ahead as economic uncertainty continues to be top-of-mind.  One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts.  Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space. In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil. Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain: User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in: So, how can you be a power user? Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.Full Article:Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue.Full Article:The conflict between Israel and Palestinians — and other groups in the Middle East — goes back decades. These stories provide context for current developments and the history that led up to them. By Willem Marx,Kat Lonsdor Demonstrators demanded a cease-fire deal and the immediate release of hostages held by Hamas in the Gaza Strip after the deaths of six hostages in the Palestinian territory, in Tel Aviv, Israel, on Monday. 
 TEL AVIV, Israel — A nationwide general strike shut down large parts of Israel on Monday, as calls for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to reach a cease-fire deal escalated dramatically across the country. Many schools and government buildings were shut in response to a call for the strike from Israel's largest trade union, Histadrut, following a dramatic weekend in which the Israeli military recovered the bodies of six more hostages in Gaza. Ben Gurion airport south of Tel Aviv paused flights for several hours early Monday, with many private businesses also refusing to open in solidarity. Histadrut said the strike — the first to be called since the Oct. 7 Hamas-led attack in Israel — was necessary to pressure Netanyahu’s government into changing its approach to cease-fire negotiations. But in a sign of the country's deep political divisions, not all regions or businesses said they were participating in the strike, with several members of Netanyahu's governing coalition continuing to publicly reject any type of cease-fire. Israel's Labor Court ordered the strike to come to an end by Monday afternoon at 2:30 p.m. local time. The Histadrut union said it abided the decision and called off the strike. On Sunday, protesters in central Tel Aviv packed streets and blocked several major intersections, with people climbing above bus stops to avoid the heaving crowds that waved flags and chanted slogans. Several signs visibly labeled Netanyahu a murderer and criminal, with many protesters personally blaming the Israeli prime minister, often called Bibi, for failing to strike a deal with Hamas that might see more Israeli captives released from Gaza. "Bibi is the prime minister, he holds the key for the deal. He can keep on putting more and more obstacles and demands, but that's not relevant," Tel Aviv resident Ori Elman told NPR. Over the weekend, Netanyahu said he would not give up Israeli military control of a strip of land between Egypt and Gaza called the Philadelphi corridor as part of any negotiating framework. He's insisted it’s vital to his government's stated goal of eliminating Hamas and the militant group’s access to smuggling tunnels there, but this has become a major sticking point with Hamas and mediators including the U.S., Qatar and Egypt. Meanwhile, hundreds of Palestinians have been killed in Israeli airstrikes in Gaza in the past few weeks as ceasefire talks continue. Among the bodies recovered from Gaza was 23-year-old Israeli American Hersh Goldberg-Polin, who had become widely known due to his family’s efforts to secure his release, including an appearance at last month’s Democratic National Convention. Goldberg-Polin’s family responded to the news with a statement released Sunday. “With broken hearts, the Goldberg-Polin family is devastated to announce the death of their beloved son and brother, Hersh. The family thanks you all for your love and support and asks for privacy at this time,” the statement said. The Israeli military said it had located and recovered the six bodies from “an underground tunnel in the Rafah area in the Gaza Strip and returned them to Israeli territory.” Israel's Health Ministry said the "six abductees were murdered by Hamas terrorists in a number of short-range shots," and that forensic examination indicated that they had been killed in the last few days. Many protesters insisted a cease-fire deal could have saved their lives. "Time after time there's a chance to bring them home, and he finds other reasons for it not to happen, so we just have to do something," said Ronit Katzenstein-Nahmias, in reference to Netanyahu. In a statement from the official forum representing hostage families, the remaining five hostages were identified as Carmel Gat, 40; Eden Yerushalmi, 24; Alexander Lobanov, 32; Almog Sarusi, 27; and Ori Danino, 25. They are some of the youngest hostages that were kidnapped on Oct. 7 by Hamas militants. Five of them were taken from a music festival that day at the Israel-Gaza border. The sixth was taken from a nearby border farm. President Biden issued a statement late Saturday saying he was “devastated and outraged.” Goldberg-Polin’s parents, Rachel Goldberg and Jon Polin, had made an appearance at the Democratic National Convention on Aug. 21 to apply pressure to help bring hostages abducted by militants back home. They had met with world leaders, including the pope. Biden’s statement said Goldberg-Polin’s parents “have been relentless and irrepressible champions of their son and of all the hostages held in unconscionable conditions.” “It is as tragic as it is reprehensible. Make no mistake, Hamas leaders will pay for these crimes. And we will keep working around the clock for a deal to secure the release of the remaining hostages,” Biden’s statement continued. Goldberg-Polin, a native of Berkeley, Calif., was abducted at the music festival during the Hamas attack on southern Israel that killed about 1,200 people, according to Israeli officials. About 250 hostages were taken by Hamas and other attackers that day. The Israeli government estimates there are over 100 hostages still being held in Gaza, with about one-third of them believed to be dead. Relatives and supporters of the hostages continue to say Netanyahu has not done enough to make a deal with Hamas to secure their release. Negotiations have stalled for months, with Netanyahu repeatedly insisting military pressure is the best strategy despite public disagreement with his top security officials. Israel’s military offensive in Gaza following the Oct. 7 Hamas attacks has killed at least 40,786 people and injured more than 94,224, according to Gaza’s Health Ministry. In a video statement Sunday, Netanyahu said Israel has been "holding intensive negotiations with the mediator" in recent days to reach a deal but said Hamas had refused all proposals. "Whoever murders hostages — does not want a deal," he said. "For our part, we will not relent. The government of Israel is committed, and I am personally committed, to continue striving toward a deal that will return all of our hostages and ensure our security and our existence." Hamas says that Israel is to blame for the stalemate and that it has repeatedly added new demands to deals already agreed upon. The head of Israel’s National Unity Party blamed Netanyahu, posting on social media: "He should protect the abductees and not his coalition controlled by extremists." Sponsor Message Become an NPR sponsorFull Article:Brazilian mobile banking users are being targeted, once again 
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.
 Mobile banking customers in Brazil are once again being targeted with malware that can take over their devices, exfiltrate sensitive data and ultimately perform wire fraud. This is according to a new report from cybersecurity researchers ThreatFabric, who recently spotted the campaign and wrote a technical analysis as a warning. As per the researchers, threat actors known as DukeEugene were sending out phishing emails, in which they tricked the recipients into downloading a dropper for Android, called Rocinante. This dropper, usually impersonating banking apps and telecommunications firms such as Itaú Shop, Santander, Bradesco Prime, or Correios Celular, asks for permissions upon installation, including the dreaded Accessibility Service. Generally speaking, Accessibility Service permissions are reserved for system apps only, and if a commercial app asks for them, it’s usually a red flag signaling potential malware. If the victim grants these permissions, they can expect to lose sensitive data, and give the attackers control over their mobile device, since in many cases the malware can serve fake bank login pages: "This malware family is capable of performing keylogging using the Accessibility Service, and is also able to steal PII from its victims using phishing screens posing as different banks," ThreatFabric said in its report. "Finally, it can use all this exfiltrated information to perform device takeover (DTO) of the device, by leveraging the accessibility service privileges to achieve full remote access on the infected device." The stolen data gets exfiltrated to a Telegram bot, the researchers further explained, where it’s served to the attackers in plaintext, ready to be used. "The bot extracts the useful PII obtained using the bogus login pages posing as the target banks. It then publishes this information, formatted, into a chat that criminals have access to," ThreatFabric said. "The information slightly changes based on which fake login page was used to obtain it, and includes device information such as model and telephone number, CPF number, password, or account number." Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed! A Google spokesperson provided TechRadar Pro with a statement on the situation: "Based on our current detection, no apps containing this malware are found on Google Play. All Android users are automatically protected against known versions of this malware by Google Play Protect, which is on by default on Android devices with Google Play Services. Google Play Protect can warn users or block apps known to exhibit malicious behavior, even when those apps come from sources outside of Play." "Android users in Brazil are also protected by the pilot of enhanced fraud protection with Google Play Protect," the statement concluded. Via The Hacker News Sead is a seasoned freelance journalist based in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. He writes about IT (cloud, IoT, 5G, VPN) and cybersecurity (ransomware, data breaches, laws and regulations). In his career, spanning more than a decade, he’s written for numerous media outlets, including Al Jazeera Balkans. He’s also held several modules on content writing for Represent Communications. Docker API targeted by cryptojacking campaign looking to build mega botnet What are the differences between PrivadoVPN's paid and free versions? Western Digital WD Red Pro 24TB review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. ©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. 
Full Article:In AI hardware circles almost everyone is talking about inference. Nvidia CFO Colette Kress said on the company's Wednesday earnings call that inference made up roughly 40% of Nvidia's $26.3 billion in second-quarter data center revenue. AWS CEO Matt Garman recently told the No Priors podcast that inference is likely half of the work done across AI computing servers today. And that share is likely to grow, drawing in competitors eager to dent Nvidia's crown. It follows then, that many of the companies looking to take some market share from Nvidia are starting with inference. A founding team of Google alums has founded Groq, which focuses on inference hardware and raised $640 million at a $2.8 billion valuation in August. In December 2023, Positron AI came out of stealth with an inference chip it claims can perform the same calculations as Nvidia's H100, but five times cheaper. Amazon is developing both training and inference chips — aptly named Trainium and Inferentia respectively. "I think the more diversity there is the better off we are," Garman said on the same podcast. And Cerebras, the California company famous for its oversized AI training chips announced last week that it had developed an equally large inference chip that is the fastest on the market, according to CEO Andrew Feldman. Chips designed for artificial intelligence workloads must be optimized for training or inference. Training is the first phase of developing an AI tool — when you feed labeled and annotated data into a model so that it can learn to produce accurate and helpful outcomes. Inference is the act of producing those outputs once the model is trained. Training chips tend to optimize for sheer computing power. Inference chips require less computation muscle, in fact some inference can be done on traditional CPUs. Chipmakers for this task are more concerned about latency because the difference between an addictive AI tool and an annoying one often comes down to speed. That's what Cerebras CEO Andrew Feldman is banking on. Cerebras's chip has 7,000 times the memory bandwidth of Nvidia's H100, according to the company. That's what enables what Feldman calls "blistering speed." The company, which has begun the process of launching an IPO, is also rolling out inference as a service with multiple tiers, including a free tier. "Inference is a memory bandwidth problem," Feldman told Business Insider. Choosing to optimize a chip design for training or inference isn't just a technical decision, it's also a market decision. Most companies making AI tools will need both at some point, but the bulk of their need will likely be in one area or the other, depending on where the company is in its building cycle. Massive training workloads could be considered the R&D phase of AI. When a company shifts to mostly inference, that means whatever product it has built is working for end customers — at least in theory. Inference is expected to represent the vast majority of computing tasks as more AI projects and startups mature. In fact, according to AWS's Garman, that's what needs to happen to realize the as-yet-unrealized return on hundreds of billions of AI infrastructure investments. "Inference workloads have to dominate, otherwise all this investment in these big models isn't really going to pay off," Garman told No Priors. However, the simple binary of training v. inference for chip designers may not last forever. "Some of the clusters that are in our data centers, the customers use them for both," said Raul Martynek, CEO of datacenter landlord Databank. Nvidia's recent acquisition of Run.ai may support Martynek's prediction that the wall between inference and training may soon come down. In April Nvidia agreed to acquire Israeli firm Run:ai, but the deal has not yet closed and is receiving scrutiny from the Department of Justice, according to Politico. Run:ai's technology makes GPUs run more efficiently, allowing more work to be done on fewer chips. "I think for most businesses, they're gonna merge. You're gonna have a cluster that trains and does inference," Martynek said. Nvidia declined to comment on this report. Jump to
Full Article:I'm an American born to British parents. My husband is British and recently obtained US citizenship after living there for 10 years. When we had our son (who also has dual citizenship), we knew we'd spend significant time on both continents. However, the pandemic, finances, and busy schedules kept us from traveling internationally. Recently, after six years away, we returned to Glasgow to visit friends and family. We knew the accent wouldn't be a surprise to our 7-year-old. His dad and a lot of my family have a heavy Scottish brogue. We also knew our little one would love the street art and the chocolate. But after being away for so long, a few things did surprise us. I had forgotten how lovely strangers can be. While on the bus to visit my grandmother in her new house, the driver and a fellow passenger happily helped us figure out which stop to take. A friendly ticket collector on the train paused to chat with my 7-year-old about his new Lego bricks, and locals greeted us with smiles, jokes, and tales about the last time they'd traveled to America. When I asked my son if he thought the people in Glasgow were friendlier, he said, "They're like the people in Hawaii," where we also recently traveled with him. I'd never thought of it that way, but he might be right. Traveling to Glasgow does feel similar to the warmth (despite the cold temperature), generosity of time, and genuine welcoming feeling you experience with traditional Hawaiian hospitality. My little one was pleasantly surprised that he could order chips — or french fries, to Americans — in almost every restaurant. He loves them, which isn't a shocker because most people do. They're bigger than most of the french fries we get back home, and our family much prefers them in the UK. When it comes to crisps — or potato chips— the UK's also got America beat. Our favorite salty snacks are salt and vinegar and cheese and onion. But a few flavors were new to me, like haggis and black pepper, turkey and stuffing, and beef teriyaki, which were fun to try, and equally delicious. We live in California, which is generally a great place to live if you have food allergies. But Scotland took it to a whole other level. In America, when asking about allergy specifics for my son, servers often make a note on their notepad to pass along to kitchen staff. In Scotland, servers asked us if we had allergies before I even had a chance to inquire. More often than not, Scottish servers passed me an iPad (or QR code) with detailed nutritional information for each menu item so that I could see the specifics about potentially dangerous ingredients in each dish. My child felt safe eating. And as a mom to a kid with food allergies, I found this extremely comforting. Tap-to-pay is everywhere — seriously, everywhere. Restaurant servers brought card machines to our table, and we also tapped to pay in shops, on trains, buses, and even in black taxis. My husband was surprised at how much this banking convenience has grown since we were last there. In surveys in 2022, 15% of adults in Scotland said they smoked, compared with 9.7% of adults in California. My kid, who rarely sees cigarette butts on the ground where we live, got a kick out of spotting so many "dangerous" things. While the cigarette butts surprised my son, my husband and I noticed way more people vaping. A 2023 survey on litter in Scotland suggested that single-use vapes were the fastest-growing litter item in the country. Still, we loved every bit of our trip to Scotland and can't wait to visit again. Until then, we'll enjoy the bags of crisps we stashed in our luggage. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Jennifer Ong, 33, a former vice president at BlackRock turned career change coach and podcast host. The following has been edited for length and clarity. Business Insider has verified her education and employment history. In high school, I had no clue what I wanted to do, and even when I got to college, I didn't know what I wanted to major in. I knew I had an interest in the arts, but I grew up believing that doing anything related to creative work would not earn me any money.  As graduation neared, I applied to roles at nearly every financial institution, from investment banking to asset management. I also just accepted the first offer that was extended to me. That was BlackRock. Things were really tough when I first started. The truth was that I picked BlackRock because of its brand name and didn't evaluate if it was the right job for me. I ended up in a position that required coding, and I had no idea how to code. As part of my job, I had to do data queries in SQL and perform risk analytics for mortgage-backed securities. The job didn't feel right for me. I didn't have an engineering or computer science degree. I was one of the few hires from a liberal arts background. That took a massive toll on my confidence. I was less than six months into the role and struggling daily. But I chose to persevere and stay on. Part of it was because I liked the company culture and the people I got to work with. Part of it was because I still believed that work wasn't supposed to be fun anyway. Besides, the money was really good. And things did get better. After two years, I switched job scopes and took on a sales-oriented role that was a better fit for me. It wasn't long before the nagging feelings of not being a good fit returned. I remembered meeting up with friends who didn't work in the industry. They would say, "Oh, Jennifer, you're always complaining about your job. Why don't you just quit?" I knew I wanted to do something else, but my fear held me back. I didn't know what I wanted to do if I left BlackRock, and I also thought that quitting would make me look like a failure. I stayed at BlackRock for seven years and was promoted to vice president. I think I left the job more experienced and with a solid network. I took an 80% pay cut when I quit my job at BlackRock to join Style Theory, a fashion rental startup. When I got the offer, I was like, "Wow, can I live off this little money?" The office certainly wasn't as glamorous as those in the central business district since it was located in an industrial building. When I went on business trips for BlackRock, they would put me up at nice five-star hotels. But at Style Theory, I found myself staying in budget hotels. The two companies were worlds apart. That said, I still valued my time at Style Theory. I had the idea of starting my own fashion rental company targeted at travelers, but I had no idea what it was like to start and run a business. Style Theory became my business school. Instead of spending a few hundred thousand dollars on an MBA, I figured I could learn the ins and outs of building a startup. One thing that Style Theory offered me was the huge amount of autonomy I had as an employee. I didn't get to lead many projects at BlackRock, even though I'd spent seven years there. There were just way too many people who were more senior than me. I left Style Theory after three years. I still wanted to be an entrepreneur, and I felt that I had acquired the skills I needed from my time there. After leaving Style Theory, I moved to Singapore just a few months before the COVID-19 pandemic hit. The strict lockdown measures made it difficult for me to meet new people. I ended up starting a podcast on career pivots. This topic deeply resonated with me because I had struggled with figuring out what a "perfect for me" career looked like while dealing with the fear of leaving behind a "perfect on paper" job. As my podcast began to take off, I started getting messages from people seeking help building their careers. Some even asked if they could pay me for my time. Soon, my client list began to build, and I became the founder of my own career coaching firm, Ctrl Alt Career. Looking back, I have no regrets about starting at BlackRock. I got a lot of good training and met many interesting people. My time at BlackRock shaped me into the person I am today. If there's one thing I could change, it would be to spend more time in my younger years discovering my interests instead of just going for the low-hanging fruit of whatever company was recruiting on campus. That would've saved me from the pain and heartache I experienced in the first seven years of my career. I would've probably been happier, if I had allowed myself to dream more, instead of weighing opportunities by whether they were practical or lucrative. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:Interest-rate cuts are finally here, and former President Donald Trump isn't happy about it. On Wednesday, the Federal Open Market Committee announced an interest-rate cut of 50 basis points, the first cut Americans have received in over four years. With the pace of inflation slowing and the job market cooling over the past few months, some experts and Democratic lawmakers have been urging Fed Chair Jerome Powell to cut rates sooner rather than later to give Americans relief from high prices. But Trump feels differently — he said during a New York campaign stop on Wednesday that the rate cut "shows the economy is very bad to cut it by that much, assuming they're not just playing politics." "The economy would be very bad, or they're playing politics, one or the other," Trump said. "But it was a big cut." He's argued in the past that the Fed would only cut rates close to the election to aid Democrats, which he reiterated leading up to the central bank's announcement. "They'll do the rate cut and all the political stuff tomorrow," Trump said during a Tuesday town hall in Michigan, adding that if he wins the presidential election, "we're going to get interest rates down." Notably, the president has no influence over lowering interest rates — the Federal Reserve is politically independent and is supposed to make monetary policy decisions solely based on its dual mandate of keeping inflation low and employment high. That's something Trump wants to change — The Wall Street Journal reported in April that members of Trump's team were creating plans to restructure the Fed and allow Trump to have a say in interest-rate decisions. He later walked those comments back, saying in an August interview with Bloomberg that he doesn't need to be "calling the shot, but it does mean that I should have a right to be able to talk about it like anybody else." Senior advisors to Trump told the Journal that those plans were not finalized. Trump has also previously accused the Fed of being political — he said during a Fox interview in February that Powell is "going to do something to probably help the Democrats, I think, if he lowers interest rates." While Powell has not directly responded to Trump's comments, the Fed chair has repeatedly said that the Federal Reserve is an independent entity that makes decisions solely based on data and is not influenced by politics. "Our job is to support the economy on behalf of the American people, and if we get it right, this will benefit the American people significantly," Powell said during the Wednesday press conference. "It's something we all take very, very seriously. We don't put up any other filters. I think if you start doing that, I don't know where you stop." Trump sought to use his presidential power to appoint members to the Fed board who supported his unorthodox views of the central bank. Judy Shelton, a conservative economist who Trump nominated to the Board of Governors in 2019, had previously written that the Fed was "almost a rogue agency" that couldn't be trusted. Even fellow Republicans balked at her nomination, culminating in a 47-50 failed floor vote exacerbated by GOP absences related to COVID-19. "In her past statements, Ms. Shelton has called for the Federal Reserve to be less independent of the political branches and has even questioned the need for a central bank," Sen. Susan Collins, a Maine Republican, said of her at the time. "This is not the right signal to send, particularly in the midst of the pandemic." Shelton was one of a series of Trump loyalists whose nominations ran aground. Former 2012 GOP presidential candidate Herman Cain and conservative commentator Stephen Moore both withdrew their respective nominations in the face of opposition. Trump was able to get former Kanas banking commissioner Michelle Bowman and economist Christopher Waller confirmed to the Fed Board. Trump has flip-flopped his views on his most important appointment to the Fed: Powell. "He's strong, he's committed, he's smart," Trump said about Powell in 2017 when he nominated him to lead the Fed. In February, the former president said he would not reappoint Powell to lead the Fed. Earlier this summer, Trump told Bloomberg News that he would let Powell serve out his term. Trump's tepid support of Powell underlines just how mercurial he can be when it comes to the central bank. "There are few more important positions than this, believe me, in our Government," Trump said in 2017 with Powell looking on. On that point, Trump hasn't wavered. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:The woman who alleges she was wrongfully portrayed in "Inventing Anna" is trying to get her hands on the confidential notes and sources of the journalist whose article inspired the Netflix show. Rachel Williams, who was friends with the real-life Anna Sorokin, sued Netflix last year. The show, produced by Shonda Rhimes, is based on a viral New York magazine article by the journalist Jessica Pressler, who also consulted on its development. In court filings this week, Netflix lawyers revealed that Williams' lawyers want to obtain Pressler's private journalistic notes. Pressler, in a declaration, said that turning over the files would make sources less likely to trust her — and other journalists — in the future. "Maintaining such confidentiality is critical to my role as a journalist and my ability to report will be substantially impaired if I am compelled to disclose my newsgathering material," Pressler wrote in a court filing. "Inventing Anna" tells the tale of how Sorokin, using the name Anna Delvey, scammed members of Manhattan's elite by faking the identity of a European heiress with a $40 million fortune. Williams, who is portrayed using her real name, is a prominent character in the show as Sorokin's closest friend. According to Williams's lawsuit, Netflix defamed her by portraying her as an opportunistic sidekick who was happy to siphon money, clothes, and vacations from Sorokin's phony largesse — rather than as a friend who was duped. Sorokin stuck Williams with a $60,000 American Express bill from a group vacation to Morocco, although the company later reimbursed the charges. Williams later wrote a book, "My Friend Anna," where she recounted the panic and psychological damage of discovering her supposedly close friend was, in fact, a con artist and her worry that she'd lose her job as a photo editor for Vanity Fair. HBO had also purchased the rights to Williams' story — which she partially recounted in an article for the magazine — but there are no public indications the project is being developed. In a 2019 criminal trial, a Manhattan jury found Sorokin guilty of stealing from banks and other institutions as part of her scam but acquitted her of allegations that she stole from Williams. She was released from prison in 2021 and then promptly rearrested by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, which sought to deport her to Germany, where her family lives. Sorokin, who is fighting both deportation and an appeal in her criminal case, was released from house arrest in August, her immigration lawyer previously told BI. This week, she is hosting several New York Fashion Week shows in collaboration with Pornhub and the clothing brand Shao. She is scheduled to be in the next season of ABC's "Dancing With the Stars." On October 4, Sorokin — who sold her life adaptation rights for "Inventing Anna" — is scheduled to testify for a deposition in Williams's suit against Netflix. US District Judge Colm Connolly, who is overseeing the case in Delaware federal court (and who was himself once portrayed in the TV movie "And Never Let Her Go"), in March declined to fully dismiss the case and allowed it to move into the discovery phase. Journalists in the United States are often protected by some form of reporter's privilege, a legal doctrine that preserves the right not to be compelled to disclose information in court. Pressler, in her court filing, wrote that her New York magazine article about Sorokin raised important questions about elite institutions and "how our culture celebrates wealth." "I believe that my Article raised matters of public concern, namely examining the way a young woman could con her way into rooms with the most elite, and convincing those in the banking, fashion, and art worlds that she was something she was not," she wrote. In letters obtained by BI, lawyers representing Williams have argued that Netflix forfeited any legal protections by sharing Pressler's notes with different members of the production team for "Inventing Anna." "Netflix has asserted the privilege over an incredibly broad range of documents, including draft scripts, production schedules circulated to the whole cast and crew, and many other documents written by someone other than Ms. Pressler," Williams's lawyer Alexander Rufus-Isaacs told BI in an email. "Our position is that by sharing this information so widely, Netflix has waived the reporter's privilege." Pressler declined to comment. A lawyer for Netflix referred questions to a company spokesperson, who didn't respond to requests for comment. (Some of Netflix's lawyers in the case, at the law firm Davis Wright Tremaine, also represent Business Insider in unrelated First Amendment disputes.) Representatives for New York magazine's parent company, Vox Media, didn't immediately respond to requests for comment. In court filings, Netflix's lawyers say there are plenty of precedents for applying New York's reporter shield law to adaptive works since the original purpose of the reporting was for a magazine article. Pressler also wrote in her declaration that "Inventing Anna" would "use my newsgathering to further publicize these matters of public concern — and take these questions of who is a victim, who is a con, and who should be celebrated to a different audience." "It does not matter that these newsgathering materials were later used to create a dramatized series — Ms. Pressler and Netflix have an unqualified right under New York law to maintain the protection of these confidential sources' identities — which were originally procured as part of Ms. Pressler's writing process," lawyers for Netflix wrote in a filing. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES
Full Article:Phones drool, glasses rule. That's the mantra Meta is banking on customers adopting. It starts with updates to the company's smart Ray-Ban glasses, but those may be just a stepping stone to a future with holographic augmented-reality glasses, where people can have more lifelike video calls, watch TV, or read text messages, all while still seeing the world around them. On Wednesday, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg not only announced that the company was upgrading its smart glasses with new AI features, but he also unveiled a prototype of holographic specs that aren't yet for sale. These glasses, called Orion, reportedly cost Meta somewhere around $10,000 a pair to make — and they're the latest flashy attempt to break through in an industry of wearable AR and VR that has yet to catch on. These wearables have largely flopped and been mocked among the masses. Google Glass set the stage a decade ago and spectacularly failed. It was released before it was ready for prime time — an unfashionable, futuristic camera mounted over the eye that drew ridicule and inevitably weirded people out, thanks to its ability to somewhat surreptitiously record video. Now, despite a rocky start three years ago, Meta's smart glasses are doing better than expected. That's a low bar, given how deeply its first generation of the Ray-Ban glasses from 2021 disappointed — selling only about 300,000 pairs, less than 10% of which were still in use last summer. But earning a modicum of cool in what's been panned as perhaps the dorkiest market in tech is a big leap. In a July earnings call, Zuckerberg said the second generation of glasses "continue to be a bigger hit sooner than we expected — thanks in part to AI." People were buying the glasses quicker than the company could make them, he said. The market-intelligence firm International Data Corporation says some 700,000 pairs have been shipped since last October. Meta's Ray-Bans have a camera and speaker and are packed with AI. Updates give the wearer real-time translation if someone is speaking with them in Spanish, English, French, or Italian, and they also have features for everyday use, like remembering where you parked your car or helping you create an outfit from the clothes in your closet or make a smoothie with the fruits in front of you. They're far from being widely adopted, but Meta hopes this will be the next frontier. Glasses are "a very natural computing platform," Zuckerberg said. The Ray-Bans also have the benefit of being "just good-looking glasses," he told the crowd during Meta's Connect 2024 event, and he said "people want to have something on their face that they're proud of and that looks good." That's important to overcoming the cringe of putting a computer over your eyes. Meta's loftier goal, the Orion glasses, aren't quite there. They're bulkier and way nerdier than a pair of Ray-Bans, very "Dexter's Laboratory"-coded, even if they're a more approachable option than other ski-goggle-like headsets and smart glasses. Yet getting people into the Orion glasses may depend on getting people comfortable with smart glasses generally, and that's where the Ray-Bans could come in. They're a chance for Meta to stuff its AI into hardware and keep pace in the AI arms race with Apple, Microsoft, and Google — even if customers aren't rushing to buy AI-stuffed products yet. And the Meta Ray-Bans make it even easier to use AI as you move through the world — no hands (and awkward air-pinching) required. Still, wearables are a tough industry. The VR and AR headset market has slumped, declining by 54% from early 2022 to 2023, according to data from IDC. The number of VR headsets shipped fell by 4% between 2023 and 2024, according to Counterpoint Research. Despite Apple's splashy release of its Vision Pro earlier this year, the company is not expected to sell more than 500,000 devices this year (in comparison, some 500,000 iPhones are sold globally every day). Its $3,500 price point is certainly a deterrent to widespread adoption, but so is the feasibility; they're clunky, there are too few programs made for them, and they're stuck among a niche user. VR headsets are "not going to be mass market, ever, in this current form," says George Jijiashvili, the senior principal analyst of games at the research firm Omdia. But if Meta's can make AI work in a way that combines video capture, sound, and location context together, the glasses could be a game changer. "If they manage to create an AI solution that actually works very well, then having glasses in that situation makes a lot of sense. You can see the road to mass adoption more clearly with glasses than with VR headsets." That's what Zuckerberg hopes, too. Even though the Orion glasses won't be sold anytime soon, if ever (Zuckerberg acknowledged they have to become more stylish and affordable), he's trying to drum up excitement, and, as my colleague Peter Kafka noted, convince the world that he can build the future of computing. "These glasses exist. They are awesome," he said. "They are a glimpse of a future that I think is going to be pretty exciting." So far, it's been hard to convince the average person they need a computer strapped to their face. But a fancy version of the same specs worn by Bob Dylan, Lady Gaga, and countless other celebrities who arguably bring more cool cache than a founder wearing an oversize T-shirt emblazoned with "Either Zuck or nothing" in Latin at a product launch may be the way to start. Amanda Hoover is a senior correspondent at Business Insider covering the tech industry. She writes about the biggest tech companies and trends. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Lelian Chew, a private banker turned luxury wedding planner. It has been edited for length and clarity. I spent a decade at Goldman Sachs, working in Singapore and Hong Kong managing key relationships by flying to a different Chinese city each day. It became exhausting but gave me insight into the gold standard of ultra-high net worth. After leaving finance, a former client called to ask where I was moving next, and I told him I was taking a break to plan my wedding. English wasn't his first language, so he misunderstood and thought I was starting a wedding planning business. He immediately asked me to help plan his son's wedding, insisting I take a look since I knew the family well. So, I flew to Indonesia, where he was based. When I arrived, I was surprised to see seven other wedding planners in the room, as hiring even one professional planner was rare. Since I was close to the family, I decided to plan the wedding and handle their needs directly, while other planners focused on other aspects of the wedding. This experience opened my eyes to the complexity of orchestrating such an event. At the wedding, the word got around that I was involved in the planning, and some of my former clients who were there asked if I could plan their children's weddings, too. In 2013, I started my events planning business, The Atelier & Co. My mantra is that anything is possible with time and resources. This mindset has kept me calm in the face of challenging requests. An unusual guest request once stumped my team for a wedding on a remote island: He insisted that he wanted to sleep in his bed. But I didn't flinch. I just made arrangements for his bed to be transported over. It is important for us not to judge whether something is necessary for the wedding. Our role is to facilitate and provide solutions to make the request happen. We had a wedding in the Maldives, which is a beautiful but difficult destination for weddings because we had to ship or fly all our logistics in. To set up, we loaded cranes and trucks onto an oil tanker, which took 24 hours to transport to the island, and we had multiple tankers, taking a week in total. One of the biggest challenges when planning luxury weddings is that everybody wants to be original, the biggest, or the best. With a small circle of high-net-worth clients, guest lists from weddings often overlap — with some guests being our former clients — adding pressure to make each wedding unique. So it's important to ensure each wedding feels distinct from what we've done before, down to the decorations, the venue, and the entertainment. I tend to find inspiration from the bride and groom. Understanding their love story, family dynamics, and priorities helps us design a wedding centered around them. In terms of the scale of our weddings, I always say that it is almost like marrying two conglomerates, with many nuances in managing the expectations of different family members. Creating a bride and groom's dream wedding is always important, but the family often funds the wedding and want their needs heard, too. Our role is to be objective professionals. I always start by meeting all our stakeholders and ensuring everyone has a voice, even though their opinions might not get incorporated. Of course, it's not always possible to have one event that meets the needs of all stakeholders, so it's not uncommon for us to plan multiple events for our clients, from an intimate family celebration at home to a destination wedding party on an island. Preserving traditions is essential for grandparents and parents, who want to pass down what they grew up with to the next generation. Many of our elder clients want to see their grandchildren uphold customs they cherish, like family crests and cultural elements. For example, with the Chinese, there's a tea ceremony that we have to get right because it is a custom that connects Chinese elders to the younger generation. We want the wedding to reflect their societal status — grand but not overly extravagant, as flaunting wealth is sometimes frowned upon in Asian culture. The goal is to strike the right balance to create an intimate and personal celebration rather than another corporate event. Do you have a story to share about working with or for high-net-worth individuals? Email this reporter at lwee@insider.com. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:Goldman Sachs is still looking to exit its partnership with Apple as losses continue to mount. As detailed in a new report from The Wall Street Journal, Goldman Sachs will take a $400 million hit this quarter due to its floundering consumer business. Speaking at a conference this week, Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon explained that this $400 million hit comes from two primary things: selling off its General Motors credit card partnership and selling real estate loans. According to the report, the General Motors card business will be sold to Barclays, with around $2 billion in card balances. In total, Goldman Sachs has lost over $6 billion pre-tax since the beginning of 2020 “on a big chunk of its consumer-lending businesses, including its credit cards.” As reported in the past, a few factors contribute to Goldman’s massive losses associated with Apple Card, including charge-off rates that are nearly double those of other credit cards. Goldman Sachs had planned to use Apple Card to bolster its efforts to expand into consumer banking.  In the intervening years, however, the bank has decided to exit the consumer business altogether, including consumer loans and other offerings.  Looking toward the future, Goldman Sachs is still looking to exit its partnership with Apple, which consists of the Apple Card and Apple Card Savings Account. Currently, Apple Card credit card balances total $17 billion. The Wall Street Journal says that Goldman Sachs could face even bigger losses when it offloads the Apple partnership than the losses associated with the GM sale to Barclays. Last November, The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple had “sent a proposal to Goldman to exit from the contract in the next roughly 12-to-15 months.” The current fate of that proposal remains unclear. It’s previously been reported that Goldman has talked to American Express and Synchrony Financial about taking over the Apple Card business. CardPointers helps users earn more points everywhere they shop for free. With CardPointers+, most users save $750+ per year — and for a limited time you can save 30% off the normal price. –trusted affiliate link* Follow Chance: Threads, Twitter, Instagram, and Mastodon. FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news: A new kind of credit card. Created by Apple, no… Chance is the editor-in-chief of 9to5Mac, overseeing the entire site’s operations. He also hosts the 9to5Mac Daily and 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcasts.  You can send tips, questions, and typos to chance@9to5mac.com.  Manage push notifications

Full Article:Adam Fayed, CEO of adamfayed.com.   After the 2008 global financial crisis, trust in banks was low. As one Forbes article pointed out in 2020, "A lack of trust in the traditional banking industry" has contributed to the growth of the fintech industry. But even in April of this year, International Banker said, "The jury is still out" when it comes to whether consumers trust banks. Based on my experience as a wealth manager, I believe a number of factors can influence people's trust in the banking sector. Reuters reported in September 2023 that JP Morgan’s U.K. bank Chase said it would ban cryptocurrency transactions "due to an increase in crypto-related fraud and scams." Personally, I have seen banks refuse purchases such as overseas regulated financial and real estate developments on the basis that it could be a scam and they need a Financial Conduct Authority number. It is understandable and justifiable that banks warn customers of potential fraud and scams. It is true, after all, that the crypto industry has had fraudulent actors. What I don't think is acceptable is if banks refuse to send payments because they disagree with the services authorized. It isn’t against U.K. law to buy cryptocurrency, nor is it illegal to invest with overseas regulated real estate or investment platforms. What I believe can also cause distrust is if banks try to sell consumers financial services after trying to stop payments. I have had clients go through 10-minute inquiries from banks, only to have their sales team call later in the day to try to sell them alternatives. We have also seen issues when it comes to closing personal and business bank accounts. More than 140,000 U.K. small businesses had bank accounts closed in a 12-month period with little or zero notice. As a New York Times article explained, many owners who have had their accounts closed don't receive an explanation of what they did wrong. I believe the reality is that banking and financial services are as important as utilities. It can be difficult for people and businesses to operate without them. From my perspective, this may damage trust if the services are legal, even if some of those services aren't to everybody's taste (e.g., cash-based businesses, adult entertainment, gambling, financial services, etc.). For example, in 2021, some criticized the sector due to some banks refusing service to accounts connected to adult entertainment. Ultimately, regulations have likely caused some of these challenges. It is perfectly correct that banks should follow anti-money laundering regulations and the law. That means it is reasonable to ask for more documentation for higher-risk payments. But from my perspective, what isn't useful in terms of consumer trust is self-interested policies. In my view, it also isn't in the banks' best interest, at least long-term, to cross the line between warning consumers about potential risks and refusing legal businesses and services. In my view, leaders in the banking industry can foster trust by being transparent with customers about their rules. They can also ensure that such rules aren't in large part due to self-interest. Some banks may also be able to learn from competitor banks that have warned customers with a message that certain services are at high risk for fraud and make it clear that they won't ban transfers if the client is willing to take the risk. It also makes sense for the banks to provide education to the public about how to reduce the risks of scams. Common sense should be applied as well. For example, one of my friend's business accounts was put through compliance due to his second name being Church, and the bank was worried he was about to start a religious cult. This is one of the more hilarious yet ridiculous cases where common sense hasn't been applied. Wealth managers can also help the process by explaining calmly to their clients how normal this kind of thing is. I have also seen occasions where wealth managers, overseas investment platforms and life assurance companies have calmly explained to the banks why their policies make sense. In conclusion, while banks have to navigate important regulations, they can build and maintain trust with consumers by prioritizing transparency and education. Wealth managers have an important role to play as well. By keeping these best practices in mind, both industries can strengthen ties with clients. Forbes Business Council is the foremost growth and networking organization for business owners and leaders. Do I qualify? 

Full Article:Jeff Winner is the CEO of Cabernet AI, Building an AI platform for Investment Banking and Private Equity Firms.   Amid inflationary economic conditions, business leaders and consumers are preparing for a September rate cut by the Federal Reserve. This rate cut could provide a solution to the current economic challenges. It is essential to approach this situation with a pragmatic mindset. Business leaders and consumers should focus on strategies to enhance economic growth. While investment banking might not seem like a driver, increasing access to investment banking services can be key to growing the economy. The development of liquid financial markets including investment banking are positively correlated with economic growth. Investment banking plays a key role in fostering economic growth in several ways: • Capital Formation And Allocation: Investment banks facilitate the flow of capital, establish efficient markets and help raise capital. This enables expansion and innovation, which contributes to economic growth. • Mergers And Acquisitions (M&A): Investment banks advise on M&A activities, which can lead to more efficient markets by consolidating industries, improving resource allocation and creating synergies. • Market Liquidity And Stability: Investment banks add liquidity to financial markets by underwriting and trading securities, resulting in greater efficiency for businesses to raise capital and investors to trade securities. Liquid markets can increase transparency, lower the cost of capital and stabilize financial markets. This translates to increased investment volume. • Advisory Services: Investment banks help businesses optimize their performance by providing strategic advice on financial restructuring, capital management and investment strategies. • Economic Integration: Investment banking services can foster a more interconnected and resilient global economy by facilitating cross-border investments and international trade. Access to investment banking services can be challenging, particularly for smaller businesses who may lack the resources or bandwidth to partner with investment banks. However, we could create a virtuous cycle to promote deal velocity, enhance liquidity and ultimately expand the market and economy if we improve access. Increase deal velocity. One challenge preventing market participants from executing M&A opportunities is capital. Streamlining the investment banking process and increasing access to these services can help companies execute more quickly when an opportunity arises—enabling new business growth or industry consolidation. Investment banking services can also help companies gain access to capital more efficiently to fuel organic growth and drive market activity. Increase liquidity. Liquidity refers to the ability to buy and sell assets without affecting their price. This hinges on the speed and efficiency of the dealmaking process. The result is more efficient markets, translating to lower friction for investing and divesting, greater deal volume and velocity, increased capital allocation, and reduction of risk premiums. Grow the economy. Increased investment activity can provide compelling opportunities for business expansion, innovation and enhanced economic stability. Ultimately, the growth and innovation from businesses contribute to job creation, higher productivity and overall economic expansion. Global M&A activity is showing resilience in the face of a continuing inflationary environment; now is the time for investment banks and investment management firms to consider how they contribute to this virtuous cycle. GenAI is poised to help dealmakers navigate the obstacles and risks on the path to recovery—and unlock a world of opportunity and economic growth on the other side. We’ve seen the vast implications of GenAI across industries. Companies are implementing AI tools to help automate day-to-day tasks, enhance creativity and innovation, and accelerate growth. Investment banks can increase deal sourcing as they deploy AI solutions—translating into faster deal closes and market liquidity. For firms looking to implement AI to increase deal velocity and liquidity—below are a few suggestions and things to be mindful of along the way: Start by mapping out your deal pipeline and identify the areas that consume the most time or labor. AI excels in processing vast amounts of unstructured data. Consider areas where manual data analysis impedes decision-making, such as market research, identifying acquisition targets and due diligence. Firms can reduce the time required to evaluate opportunities by integrating AI tools into these areas for faster deal closures and improved market liquidity. Key considerations include evaluating the quality of your data as AI's effectiveness is tied to the quality of inputs received. It’s also important to select the right AI tools and vendors—those with teams who have a proven track record in investment banking and finance. Additionally, firms should consider data privacy concerns and the potential for algorithmic bias. Involving compliance and legal teams early in the process will help address these issues. Furthermore, it’s beneficial to invest in training your team on AI tools to ensure a smooth integration and to maximize the technology’s potential. I also recommend starting with a pilot project focused on one area to ensure the AI implementation is manageable and measurable before scaling up. Resistance to change is an obstacle as AI adoption requires a shift in organizational culture and workflow. Employees might fear AI will replace them, leading to pushback. Firms should emphasize AI as a tool to enhance human expertise—not replace it. Transparency in how AI decisions are made is also critical to building trust within the team. Another challenge is the complex and costly integration of AI systems with legacy systems. Firms should plan the integration process; starting with models that allow for gradual adoption. Lastly, firms must be prepared to continuously monitor and refine their AI systems to ensure they remain effective as market conditions and available data evolve. While implementing AI has its challenges, the return on investment can be worth the effort. By employing AI, investment banks can increase access to their services as friction decreases and deal sourcing opportunities expand. This faster flywheel can lead to increased deal velocity, enhanced liquidity and ultimately more efficient markets and economic stability. Forbes Business Council is the foremost growth and networking organization for business owners and leaders. Do I qualify?

 Full Article:Sailesh Sewpaul is the founder and executive chairman of PEX Ltd.   Decentralized finance (DeFi) is a tech-driven financial system that is disrupting traditional banking, transforming how we think about lending, borrowing, trading and investing money. DeFi is composed of financial platforms that operate on public blockchains—secure, distributed ledgers whose data can’t be altered once recorded—eliminating the need for banks or other intermediaries. The launch of the blockchain Ethereum in 2015 marked the beginning of the DeFi era, accelerating in 2020 when “transaction volumes on DeFi platforms increased by a factor of 25.” The Covid-19 pandemic drove significant expansion of access to financial services and the use of digital payments. According to 2021 data, “71% of people in developing countries have a financial account,” compared with 42% a decade earlier. There are still 1.4 billion people worldwide who are unbanked, but two-thirds of global adults now use digital payment systems. DeFi is an alternative way to access financial services outside of traditional banking. It has the potential to make financial services more transparent, accessible and inclusive for people all over the world. It is also based on new and evolving technologies that introduce multifaceted regulatory and security challenges. As business leaders, it’s crucial to understand the risks and benefits of DeFi and implement best practices to make the most of the opportunities it provides. The traditional banking system is difficult to access for unbanked and underbanked populations around the world, often due to geographic, economic and documentation barriers. DeFi makes financial services available to anyone with an internet connection and a digital wallet. By eliminating intermediaries and automating processes through smart contracts, DeFi can significantly increase the speed of transactions. Transaction fees on DeFi platforms are typically lower than with traditional banks, especially for cross-border payments. Because DeFi is built on blockchain technology, it offers a high degree of trust and transparency. All transactions are recorded and viewable on public ledgers. Traditional banks are often slow to innovate because of regulatory, technological or other constraints. The DeFi ecosystem is more flexible and dynamic, encouraging the rapid development of new products and services. The DeFi space is still largely unregulated, and policymakers are struggling to keep pace with rapidly changing technologies. Some countries have begun to establish regulations for digital assets, but regulatory uncertainty remains a risk for DeFi users. Traditional banks typically provide strong consumer protections, regulatory oversight and insurance. For example, FDIC insurance in the U.S. protects money in deposit accounts at FDIC-insured institutions in case of a bank failure. DeFi users must manage their own security. Platforms and smart contracts may be susceptible to hacking or other vulnerabilities that can result in financial losses. The cryptocurrency market, on which many DeFi platforms are built, is known for its high volatility, which can impact the stability and value of DeFi assets. Learning how to use DeFi applications, digital wallets and other new technologies can also be daunting for new users. These layers of complexity may be an obstacle to the widespread adoption of DeFi. Navigating the opportunities and challenges of DeFi can seem intimidating at first. Start by taking small, manageable actions to see how DeFi applications could benefit your organization. Learn as much as you can about DeFi in your industry through workshops, books and other media. What are the potential risks and rewards? Which platforms are available? What are your competitors using? As you build your own knowledge, educate and train your team. Rather than diving headfirst into DeFi adoption, test the waters with a small-scale pilot project. Experiment with DeFi tools in a low-risk area of your business to identify possible use cases, gather more information and learn through trial and error. Be proactive about risk management. Work with cybersecurity experts and legal advisors to establish internal best practices and ensure that your DeFi initiatives meet emerging regulatory standards. DeFi is made up of multiple service areas, including lending, saving and trading. Determine which area you want to focus on first in your business, and look for a strategic partner that has expertise in that domain. Assess their experience and track record, and build a partnership that can help you accelerate training and adoption and avoid common mistakes. The growth of DeFi marks a fundamental shift in the way we think about and interact with financial services. The DeFi ecosystem is still new and evolving, and it poses challenges we must learn to overcome. But the potential benefits are tremendous: offering fast, affordable and accessible financial services to a much larger population than can be reached with traditional banking. If we embrace this transformation and proactively manage its risks, we can advance a more transparent, inclusive and sustainable financial future. Forbes Business Council is the foremost growth and networking organization for business owners and leaders. Do I qualify? 

Full Article:Former president and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Sunday signaled support for reclassifying marijuana under federal drug laws and legislation to give regulated cannabis companies access to traditional business banking services. He also indicated that a second Trump administration would support state efforts to legalize recreational marijuana, including a measure to legalize recreational marijuana on the ballot for the general election in his adopted home state of Florida. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has indicated he supports reclassifying marijuana under ... [+] federal drug laws as well as bill to ease access to banking services for pot companies. (Photo by Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images) “As President, we will continue to focus on research to unlock the medical uses of marijuana to a Schedule 3 drug, and work with Congress to pass common sense laws, including safe banking for state authorized companies, and supporting states rights to pass marijuana laws, like in Florida, that work so well for their citizens,” Trump wrote on Truth Social Sunday night, according to a report from online cannabis news source Marijuana Moment. Trump also said that he would vote in favor of Amendment 3, a constitutional amendment to legalize recreational marijuana in Florida that voters will see on ballots for the November general election, a position he indicated in a separate social media post last month. “As I have previously stated, I believe it is time to end needless arrests and incarcerations of adults for small amounts of marijuana for personal use,” he said. “We must also implement smart regulations, while providing access for adults, to safe, tested product. As a Floridian, I will be voting YES on Amendment 3 this November.” Trump first indicated support for decriminalizing marijuana last month in a post on Truth Social. He also hinted support for Amendment 3, although he did not explicitly endorse the measure. “As we legalize it, I start to agree a lot more because, you know, it’s being legalized all over the country,” Trump said, according to a report from Marijuana Moment. “Florida has something coming up. I’ll be making a statement about that fairly soon.” Cannabis industry executives were quick to note that Trump’s rather sudden support for cannabis reform measures threatens to co-opt an issue that has been championed by the Biden administration and the Democratic presidential nominee, Vice President Kamala Harris. A proposal to reclassify cannabis to Schedule III of the Controlled Substances Act, however, will not be decided until after the election. Democrats have also advanced legislation to give cannabis operators access to banking services known as the SAFE Banking Act, but so far have been unable to gain approval for the bill in the Senate. Cannabis industry executives have embraced Trump's support for marijuana policy reform. Brady Cobb, CEO of Florida medical marijuana operator Sunburn Cannabis, says that with Sunday’s social media post, “Trump clearly stated his position in favor of Amendment 3, which would legalize recreational cannabis use in Florida, rescheduling cannabis to schedule III, and SAFE Banking, and in the process stole the issue from Democrats who have long talked about reform but never delivered on their promises.” “Irrespective of the partisan-themed battles that will follow, cannabis reform has not been elevated to a tier 1 national issue and will likely enjoy the rarified air of having bipartisan support as we head into one of the most pivotal elections this country has ever seen,” he adds in an email statement. Emily Paxhia, managing partner of cannabis investments firm Poseidon Investment Management, notes that “Cannabis reform has long been a bi-partisan issue when it comes to the voters, but lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have failed to act on behalf of their constituents.” “While we saw encouragement from Biden/Harris on reviewing the schedule of cannabis, the conversation ended there. Trump has thrown down the gauntlet with his latest commentary on cannabis reform,” Paxhia writes in an email. “He has hit on issues that resonate with the industry and cannabis patients/consumers. He has also shown that his opinion on cannabis is becoming more informed. It is refreshing to hear such a pragmatic take on cannabis as a key issue in this election and it is stunning to note the silence from the Harris campaign. The time is now to articulate a position on cannabis reform, or the Democratic ticket will be missing out on an issue that polls better than almost anything in our country at this time.” “The recent shift in cannabis policy marks a historic moment for the U.S., as we now have two presidential candidates—Vice President Harris and former President Trump—supporting the removal of cannabis from its current Schedule I classification,” NewLake Capital Partners, Inc. CEO and president Anthony Coniglio writes in a statement. “This is the first time in history that both major party candidates are on record in favor of cannabis reform. We have always maintained it’s not a matter of ‘if’ but ‘when’ cannabis reform will happen and this is a clear signal that the political barriers to progress are dissipating.”  One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts.  Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space. In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil. Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain: User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in: So, how can you be a power user? Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.

Full Article:Alexandre Gonthier is the CEO of Trustly, Inc., a global leader in open banking payments.   Open banking payments, commonly referred to as pay by bank, might be the best formula to take on card payments. While it’s slowly gaining traction in the U.S., it certainly hasn't reached ubiquity like credit and debit cards have. Even so, credit cards weren't always king of the wallet. I recently saw a YouTube video of a 1993 news story where the reporter asked patrons in a Burger King restaurant how they felt about the fast food giant introducing credit cards as a new payment type in their restaurants. At the time, most customers didn't see credit cards as a practical payment type for something like fast food. Many thought it would slow down service and nobody would use it. A Forbes Advisor survey from December 2023 found that “less than 10% of Americans primarily use cash to pay for purchases,” with debit and credit cards being the primary payment method used. Cash was king—until it wasn't. Then, cards took over. We're seeing a similar scenario today with open banking payments/pay by bank. But this time, the king of the hill isn't cash. It's credit and debit cards. Can open banking payments be solidified as a viable payment option like cards did? I think so. After all, we don't really see payment methods go away entirely. Payments become faster, better and more secure with each technological breakthrough. The big win for both consumers and merchants? Options and the power of choice. Open banking payments might be the best option to reduce the 70.19% shopping cart abandonment rate during checkout on average in 2024, according to Baymard's research. Of the reasons cited for cart abandonment outside of the “just browsing” segment, open banking technology could potentially help merchants recover some of those carts in four of the top 10 categories, representing millions of dollars: Open banking data provides rich, consumer-permissioned bank data that merchants can use to streamline account creation. Open banking payments eliminate the need to store payment details on the merchant’s site by using the bank’s strong authentication and bank account tokenization built into the online banking login process. Open banking can reduce the number of checkout fields a user must manage by importing payment and personal information directly from the bank. Pay by bank enhances checkout optionality by giving shoppers the ability to pay directly from their bank accounts. There are so many terms, and they seem interchangeable. But when we say open banking payments, pay by bank or account-to-account (A2A) payments, there is a difference. A2A payment is really the broadest umbrella term for bank payments because it includes direct debit (or pull) payments (ACH, EFT, SEPA Direct Debit), real-time credit transfer (or push) payments (RTP and FedNow, Faster Payments, SEPA SCT Inst), peer-to-peer (P2P) payments (Zelle, Venmo) and, finally, open banking payments, which combine open banking technology and A2A payment functionality. It can be confusing because the term “pay by bank” could technically mean any of the aforementioned payment schemes. But most people today say “pay by bank” and mean “open banking payments.” Open banking payments deliver an altogether new experience for consumers and merchants. And the unsung hero here is the data. Consider a traditional ACH payment. It’s filled with friction at almost every turn. Most consumers don’t have easy access to their account and routing numbers, which are required for ACH processing. Merchants assume the risk, not knowing if the payment will clear in three days as there is no real-time interface to verify the bank account balance and reserve the funds. Open banking powers an all-around better payment experience enabling consumers to sign in to their online banking from the merchant’s or biller’s site/app, thereby securely verifying the consumer’s identity and retrieving their account numbers to create the ACH processing instructions. The banking data retrieved provides intelligent signals to approve or deny a transaction and mitigate fraud. Open banking powers a smarter, simpler and safer ACH transaction, making “dumb ACH” obsolete. The financial benefits of open banking payments extend beyond mere convenience. By circumventing the traditional card network infrastructure, these transactions can be processed at a fraction of the cost of card payments while keeping risk under control. The absence of interchange fees represents a substantial saving for merchants, particularly those operating on thin margins. As the adoption of open banking payments increases, we may see a shift in pricing strategies across various industries. Merchants could pass these savings on to consumers, leading to lower prices for goods and services. We’ve seen this happen successfully with Target’s Circle Card and with major telecom companies, like Verizon or T-Mobile. While the potential of open banking payments is clear, challenges remain on the path to widespread adoption. Consumer education, regulatory compliance and integration with existing point-of-sale systems are all hurdles that must be overcome. Key to this transition will be collaboration between banks, fintech companies and regulatory bodies. By working together, these stakeholders can create a seamless, secure and user-friendly open banking payments system that benefits all parties involved. As we stand on the brink of this payment revolution, it's clear that open banking payments have the potential to earn a prominent seat at the table among payment methods. The combination of improved user experience, enhanced security, reduced costs and data insights makes pay by bank an attractive payment option. The next few years will be crucial in determining the trajectory of open banking payments. With the right consumer adoption strategies, we may well see a shift in payment preferences reminiscent of the credit card revolution three decades ago. The only question is: What (benefits and other incentives) will it take for cardholders to put their bank accounts back at the center of their financial lives? The information provided here is not investment, tax or financial advice. You should consult with a licensed professional for advice concerning your specific situation.  Forbes Finance Council is an invitation-only organization for executives in successful accounting, financial planning and wealth management firms. Do I qualify? Full Article:
    Replacing out-of-warranty iPhone batteries is getting more expensive with the latest models.
   It'll cost more to replace the battery on the iPhone 16 Pro than its predecessor. Apple is raising the price of battery replacements for its new iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max phones to $119, up $20 from the current cost for the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. The cost to replace an out-of-warranty battery on an entry-level iPhone 16 model will remain $99, according to Apple's website. The changes only apply to iPhone customers who are not members of the AppleCare Plus service repair program, which can provide up to three years of coverage on various fixes. Newly purchased Apple devices traditionally come with a one-year warranty. The batteries in the latest iPhone 16 lineup are larger in size to optimize longer-lasting battery life, according to Apple.  The company has adjusted the price of its battery replacements over the years. In 2018, it famously dropped the cost from $79 to $29 following the controversy known as Batterygate, when the company intentionally slowed down older phones. It bumped the cost back up to $99 in 2022 and made other price changes across its lines, too. In January 2023, for example, batteries for the MacBook Air models increased $30 to $159. The latest price increase comes as Apple faces intense pressure to convince people to buy new iPhones amid stagnant sales. The company is banking on interest around its Apple Intelligence features and advanced camera capabilities to entice users to upgrade at a time when they're holding onto devices for longer.  The new devices hit shelves on Friday. Check out all the best deals here.Full Article:These high-yield savings accounts continue to earn competitive APYs despite Fed rate cuts. Toni Husbands Staff Writer Toni Husbands is a staff writer with CNET Money who enjoys exploring topics that promote financial wellness. She began writing about personal finance to document her experience paying off $107,000 of debt, which is detailed in her book, The Great Debt Dump. Previously, she contributed as a freelance writer for websites, including CreditCards.com, Centsai and Wisebread. She was also a regular contributor to Business AM TV, and her work has been featured on Yahoo News. Being a part-time real estate investor and amateur gardener also brings her joy. David McMillin  David McMillin writes about credit cards, mortgages, banking, taxes and travel. Based in Chicago, he writes with one objective in mind: Help readers figure out how to save more and stress less. He is also a musician, which means he has spent a lot of time worrying about money. He applies the lessons he's learned from that financial balancing act to offer practical advice for personal spending decisions. Kelly Ernst Editor Kelly is an editor for CNET Money focusing on banking. She has over 10 years of experience in personal finance and previously wrote for CBS MoneyWatch covering banking, investing, insurance and home equity products. She is passionate about arming consumers with the tools they need to take control of their financial lives. In her free time, she enjoys binging podcasts, scouring thrift stores for unique home décor and spoiling the heck out of her dogs. Toni Husbands Staff Writer Toni Husbands is a staff writer with CNET Money who enjoys exploring topics that promote financial wellness. She began writing about personal finance to document her experience paying off $107,000 of debt, which is detailed in her book, The Great Debt Dump. Previously, she contributed as a freelance writer for websites, including CreditCards.com, Centsai and Wisebread. She was also a regular contributor to Business AM TV, and her work has been featured on Yahoo News. Being a part-time real estate investor and amateur gardener also brings her joy. David McMillin  David McMillin writes about credit cards, mortgages, banking, taxes and travel. Based in Chicago, he writes with one objective in mind: Help readers figure out how to save more and stress less. He is also a musician, which means he has spent a lot of time worrying about money. He applies the lessons he's learned from that financial balancing act to offer practical advice for personal spending decisions. Kelly Ernst Editor Kelly is an editor for CNET Money focusing on banking. She has over 10 years of experience in personal finance and previously wrote for CBS MoneyWatch covering banking, investing, insurance and home equity products. She is passionate about arming consumers with the tools they need to take control of their financial lives. In her free time, she enjoys binging podcasts, scouring thrift stores for unique home décor and spoiling the heck out of her dogs. 
    CNET staff -- not advertisers, partners or business interests -- determine how we review the products and services we cover. If you buy through our links, we may get paid.
   A high-yield savings account is a federally insured account to store your cash that will earn an annual percentage yield several times higher than the average savings account. Oftentimes, high-yield savings accounts are available at online-only banks or credit unions such as Ally, Alliant Credit Union or Panacea Financial that don’t maintain physical branches.  As with traditional savings accounts, high-yield savings accounts earn a variable interest rate that can change at any time, and you can deposit or withdraw money as needed. It’s always a good idea to choose a high-yield savings account that doesn’t charge a monthly service fee or require a minimum balance. A deposit account issued by banks, credit unions and neobanks used to store money and earn a small amount of interest. Typically, these accounts are insured for up to $250,000 per account owner, per institution. An interest-bearing account similar to a traditional savings account that pays a much higher annual percentage yield, or APY, than the average savings account. They are also typically insured for up to $250,000 per account owner, per institution. A type of savings account in which a lump-sum deposit accrues interest at a fixed rate for a fixed term, usually with an early withdrawal penalty. Similar to a savings account but with the added feature of check-writing privileges and a debit card to access cash, often with limitations on the number of monthly withdrawals. An interest rate that represents the return from the compounded interest you’ll earn in 12 months on your deposit. The higher the APY, the faster your money grows. CNET editors independently choose every product and service we cover. Though we can’t review every available financial company or offer, we strive to make comprehensive, rigorous comparisons in order to highlight the best of them. For many of these products and services, we earn a commission. The compensation we receive may impact how products and links appear on our site. The rate information is obtained by Bankrate from the listed institutions. Bankrate cannot guarantee the accuracy or availability of any rates shown. Institutions may have different rates on their own websites than those posted on Bankrate.com. The listings that appear on this page are from companies from which this website receives compensation, which may impact how, where, and in what order products appear. This table does not include all companies or all available products. All rates are subject to change without notice and may vary depending on location. These quotes are from banks, thrifts, and credit unions, some of whom have paid for a link to their own website where you can find additional information. Those with a paid link are our Advertisers. Those without a paid link are listings we obtain to improve the consumer shopping experience and are not Advertisers. To receive the Bankrate.com rate from an Advertiser, please identify yourself as a Bankrate customer. Bank and thrift deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Credit union deposits are insured by the National Credit Union Administration. Consumer Satisfaction: Bankrate attempts to verify the accuracy and availability of its Advertisers’ terms through its quality assurance process and requires Advertisers to agree to our Terms and Conditions and to adhere to our Quality Control Program. If you believe that you have received an inaccurate quote or are otherwise not satisfied with the services provided to you by the institution you choose, please click here. For details on our best products and how we chose them click here. A type of savings account in which a lump-sum deposit accrues interest at a fixed rate for a fixed term, usually with an early withdrawal penalty. The core bank account used for financial transactions. Account holders use it to deposit money and withdraw funds as needed. A deposit account issued by banks and credit unions used to deposit money and earn a small amount of interest. Typically insured for up to $250,000 per account owner. Similar to a savings account but with the added feature of checking-writing privileges and debit card to access cash, with some limitations. A CD’s interest rate that represents the return from the compounded interest you’ll earn in 12 months on your deposit. The higher the APY, the faster your money grows. An estimated calculation usually associated with determining how much you’ll receive from an interest-bearing account. As expected, the annual percentage yields on some high-yield savings accounts have declined following the recent Federal Reserve interest rate cut. The average APY for savings accounts tracked by CNET is down to 4.69%, compared to 4.80% before the Fed meeting. There are still plenty of standout savings accounts that offer APYs above 5% -- more than 10 times the national average of 0.46%.  As rates continue to fluctuate, these are the best places to start your search for a high-yield savings account. Keep in mind that savings APYs are variable, so if the Fed continues to cut rates, your APY may dip as well. The DCU Primary Savings account’s 6.17% APY tops our list of high-yield savings accounts. However, this APY only applies to balances up to $1,000. Any balance above that earns a 0.05% APY, which is less than the national average of 0.46%. We like that DCU offers mobile check deposits and has plenty of fee-free ATMs, but it doesn’t offer many perks beyond that. The credit union has 24 branches in New Hampshire and Massachusetts, but it serves members nationwide through a network of more than 5,900 co-op shared branches. Membership is available to employees or members of partner organizations or people who live in specific communities in Massachusetts. Visit its website for eligibility requirements. Aside from the Primary Savings account, DCU also offers several other savings accounts that may have different APYs and features. These include an Advantage Savings account and a Member Described Savings account. The DCU Primary Savings account’s 6.17% APY tops our list of high-yield savings accounts. However, this APY only applies to balances up to $1,000. Any balance above that earns a 0.05% APY, which is less than the national average of 0.46%. We like that DCU offers mobile check deposits and has plenty of fee-free ATMs, but it doesn’t offer many perks beyond that. The credit union has 24 branches in New Hampshire and Massachusetts, but it serves members nationwide through a network of more than 5,900 co-op shared branches. Membership is available to employees or members of partner organizations or people who live in specific communities in Massachusetts. Visit its website for eligibility requirements. Aside from the Primary Savings account, DCU also offers several other savings accounts that may have different APYs and features. These include an Advantage Savings account and a Member Described Savings account. LendingClub recently launched a LevelUp Savings account that rewards consistent savers with competitive rates. You’ll qualify for the highest rate if you deposit at least $250 per month. Deposits from any source -- such as direct deposit or electronic transfers -- count towards the minimum monthly requirement.    If your monthly deposit drops below $250 after the first two months, then the standard APY will apply. Both rates apply to the entire balance.   We also like that the LevelUp Savings account doesn’t charge a monthly fee or have a minimum balance requirement. Learn more about this account and its features in our CNET review. LendingClub recently launched a LevelUp Savings account that rewards consistent savers with competitive rates. You’ll qualify for the highest rate if you deposit at least $250 per month. Deposits from any source -- such as direct deposit or electronic transfers -- count towards the minimum monthly requirement.    If your monthly deposit drops below $250 after the first two months, then the standard APY will apply. Both rates apply to the entire balance.   We also like that the LevelUp Savings account doesn’t charge a monthly fee or have a minimum balance requirement. Learn more about this account and its features in our CNET review. Newtek Bank is an online-only subsidiary of Newtek One, a financial services company. Its savings account APY applies to all balance levels, but you’re limited to six withdrawals per statement cycle. Also, the account doesn’t come with an ATM card.   You can open as many personal banking accounts as needed and manage them all through an online banking account or mobile app. But if you don’t want to manage your account online or will need to make more than six monthly withdrawals, it’s best to consider other options. Newtek Bank is an online-only subsidiary of Newtek One, a financial services company. Its savings account APY applies to all balance levels, but you’re limited to six withdrawals per statement cycle. Also, the account doesn’t come with an ATM card.   You can open as many personal banking accounts as needed and manage them all through an online banking account or mobile app. But if you don’t want to manage your account online or will need to make more than six monthly withdrawals, it’s best to consider other options. My Banking Direct is an online service of Flagstar Bank, which is owned by parent company New York Community Bancorp. Its high-yield savings account offers the most competitive APY for all balance levels on this list. This online savings account has no maintenance fees, no minimum balance requirements and pays interest on all balances above $1. While we like that this bank offers a high APY, you’ll need at least $500 to open an account. My Banking Direct doesn’t advertise information about wire transfer fees on its website or in its official account disclosures. My Banking Direct is an online service of Flagstar Bank, which is owned by parent company New York Community Bancorp. Its high-yield savings account offers the most competitive APY for all balance levels on this list. This online savings account has no maintenance fees, no minimum balance requirements and pays interest on all balances above $1. While we like that this bank offers a high APY, you’ll need at least $500 to open an account. My Banking Direct doesn’t advertise information about wire transfer fees on its website or in its official account disclosures. BrioDirect is the online-only arm of Webster Bank, a full-service bank with over 200 branches located throughout Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and New York City. This bank works best as a secondary savings option as it only offers a high-yield savings account and CD with terms ranging from 30 days to five years.   While the competitive rate is attractive, the highest APY only applies when you open the account with an initial deposit of $5,000 or more. However, once you’ve opened the account, you’ll continue to qualify for the best APY available as long as you maintain a minimum balance of $25. We also like that there are no monthly fees associated with this account. BrioDirect is the online-only arm of Webster Bank, a full-service bank with over 200 branches located throughout Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and New York City. This bank works best as a secondary savings option as it only offers a high-yield savings account and CD with terms ranging from 30 days to five years.   While the competitive rate is attractive, the highest APY only applies when you open the account with an initial deposit of $5,000 or more. However, once you’ve opened the account, you’ll continue to qualify for the best APY available as long as you maintain a minimum balance of $25. We also like that there are no monthly fees associated with this account. Formerly Comenity Direct, Bread Financial offers high-yield savings and certificate of deposit accounts through its consumer banking arm, Bread Savings. The bank requires a $100 minimum to open a savings account, but there are no monthly maintenance fees. You can make unlimited free deposits via mobile check, ACH transfer and wire transfer. Outgoing wire transfers cost $25, official check requests are $15 and paper statements are $5 per statement. Formerly Comenity Direct, Bread Financial offers high-yield savings and certificate of deposit accounts through its consumer banking arm, Bread Savings. The bank requires a $100 minimum to open a savings account, but there are no monthly maintenance fees. You can make unlimited free deposits via mobile check, ACH transfer and wire transfer. Outgoing wire transfers cost $25, official check requests are $15 and paper statements are $5 per statement. Bask Bank, an online subsidiary of Texas Capital Bank, has two different types of savings accounts. Its interest savings account offers a competitive APY on all balances, with no monthly fees or minimum deposit requirements. But if you’re looking to open a joint account, look elsewhere. Bask Bank doesn’t offer joint savings account options. This bank also has a Mileage Savings Account you can explore if you like to earn American Airlines miles you can redeem for free flights. Instead of earning a cash APY on your balance, you’ll earn 2.5 AAdvantage miles for every dollar you save annually. You can open one savings account of each type. Bask Bank, an online subsidiary of Texas Capital Bank, has two different types of savings accounts. Its interest savings account offers a competitive APY on all balances, with no monthly fees or minimum deposit requirements. But if you’re looking to open a joint account, look elsewhere. Bask Bank doesn’t offer joint savings account options. This bank also has a Mileage Savings Account you can explore if you like to earn American Airlines miles you can redeem for free flights. Instead of earning a cash APY on your balance, you’ll earn 2.5 AAdvantage miles for every dollar you save annually. You can open one savings account of each type. EverBank, formerly TIAA, offers a high-yield savings account with a competitive APY which now applies to your entire balance. (Previously, it only applied to the first year the account was open.) The bank operates several physical branches in Florida, but its online tools and mobile app make opening and managing an account seamless from anywhere in the US. We also like that you can access your money from a network of 100,000 fee-free ATMs and get reimbursed for up to $15 a month in non-network ATM fees. EverBank, formerly TIAA, offers a high-yield savings account with a competitive APY which now applies to your entire balance. (Previously, it only applied to the first year the account was open.) The bank operates several physical branches in Florida, but its online tools and mobile app make opening and managing an account seamless from anywhere in the US. We also like that you can access your money from a network of 100,000 fee-free ATMs and get reimbursed for up to $15 a month in non-network ATM fees. TAB Bank, an online-only bank, offers a highly competitive APY for its high-yield savings account. There’s no minimum balance or deposit required, and you need only 1 cent in your account to start earning interest. We also like that you can receive mobile alerts and text messages. For example, you can receive alerts about withdrawals when your account falls below a certain limit. Another benefit is that TAB has extended customer service hours -- Monday through Friday from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. MT and Saturdays from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. MT, excluding federal holidays. TAB Bank, an online-only bank, offers a highly competitive APY for its high-yield savings account. There’s no minimum balance or deposit required, and you need only 1 cent in your account to start earning interest. We also like that you can receive mobile alerts and text messages. For example, you can receive alerts about withdrawals when your account falls below a certain limit. Another benefit is that TAB has extended customer service hours -- Monday through Friday from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. MT and Saturdays from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. MT, excluding federal holidays. The CW Hi-Rate savings account earns a competitive APR and is available for members of Community Wide Federal Credit Union. Membership is broadly available through employer partners or by joining several local organizations.    You can access your money through one of the 5,500 CO-OP shared branches nationwide or through the mobile and online banking features. In addition to a high-yield savings account, you can also take advantage of financial counseling at no additional charge. One drawback, however, is that penalty-free withdrawals are limited to the first through the fifth day of each month. After that, you could forfeit a portion of your dividends earned with each withdrawal. The CW Hi-Rate savings account earns a competitive APR and is available for members of Community Wide Federal Credit Union. Membership is broadly available through employer partners or by joining several local organizations.    You can access your money through one of the 5,500 CO-OP shared branches nationwide or through the mobile and online banking features. In addition to a high-yield savings account, you can also take advantage of financial counseling at no additional charge. One drawback, however, is that penalty-free withdrawals are limited to the first through the fifth day of each month. After that, you could forfeit a portion of your dividends earned with each withdrawal. Varo Bank has a tiered savings rate that benefits lower balances. You’ll earn 5.00% APY on balances up to $5,000 and 3.00% APY on balances above that. But there are a few catches. You’ll start off earning 3.00% APY. To qualify for 5.00% APY on balances of $5,000 or less, you must have $1,000 in direct deposits into your account every month, and you must end each month with a positive balance in both your Varo Bank (checking) and savings account. Qualifying direct deposits include paychecks, pensions or other government benefits such as Social Security. While Varo presents an appealing APY for those with lower balances, any balance amount over $5,000 will earn the lower APY. However, we like that Varo offers more wiggle room to grow your stash with automatic round-ups that move your change from deposits and other transactions to your savings. Varo Bank has a tiered savings rate that benefits lower balances. You’ll earn 5.00% APY on balances up to $5,000 and 3.00% APY on balances above that. But there are a few catches. You’ll start off earning 3.00% APY. To qualify for 5.00% APY on balances of $5,000 or less, you must have $1,000 in direct deposits into your account every month, and you must end each month with a positive balance in both your Varo Bank (checking) and savings account. Qualifying direct deposits include paychecks, pensions or other government benefits such as Social Security. While Varo presents an appealing APY for those with lower balances, any balance amount over $5,000 will earn the lower APY. However, we like that Varo offers more wiggle room to grow your stash with automatic round-ups that move your change from deposits and other transactions to your savings. When searching for a savings account that promises competitive rates, read the fine print. Some accounts advertising exceptional rates have a tiered balance structure and apply the highest rate available only to a limited balance. Digital Federal Credit Union, for example, applies a 6.17% APY only to accounts with balances of up to $1,000. Beyond that, your balance earns a mere 0.05% APY. Other banks may offer a competitive rate for a limited time, such as a teaser rate. A high-yield savings account with a 5% APY works like most other savings accounts. You can regularly deposit and withdraw money while earning interest on your balance. Interest represents the amount of money a financial institution will pay you in exchange for using your money to fund its lending operations. “Banks that need more deposits to feed their lending operations will be a little more aggressive in paying out to bring in deposits,” said Greg McBride, CFA and chief financial analyst for CNET sister site Bankrate. McBride explained that smaller banks and credit unions without the marketing budget to rival more established banks compete for your dollars by offering better rates on deposit accounts. “How do you compete with the behemoth? You pay a better rate,” he said. Interest is expressed as a percentage and calculated by multiplying the principal balance by the interest rate by a period. Compound interest adds the interest earned from the previous period to the principal balance -- thus supercharging your savings growth. The annual percentage yield, or APY, represents the actual rate of return and accounts for the effects of compounding interest. For example, $1,000 deposited in an account that earns a 5% APY with interest compounded monthly will earn $50 in interest in one year -- assuming the APY doesn’t change. Interest rates advertised for savings accounts are variable and can change at any time. Your actual annual yield will fluctuate if your APY changes throughout the year. Most online banks offer high-yield savings accounts. Opening an account is a simple process. Here’s what you should expect: Your savings account should help you save money -- whether for emergency savings, a future expense like a family vacation or to meet your holiday shopping needs. Fees work against your ability to maximize your savings. Here are some common charges associated with savings accounts that you should avoid whenever possible. Monthly maintenance fee: This is a monthly fee some financial institutions charge for maintaining an account. Sometimes, you can have this fee waived by meeting certain criteria, such as signing up for e-Statements or direct deposit. It’s best to avoid accounts with monthly maintenance fees or those without simple options to waive the fee. Minimum balance fee: Some savings accounts require you to maintain a minimum balance to avoid incurring a fee. You want to avoid savings accounts that charge this type of fee, especially if you struggle to maintain a certain balance in your savings account.  Excessive withdrawal fee: A Federal Reserve Board rule, Regulation D, historically limited the number of withdrawals or transfers you can make from your savings account to six per month. That rule was removed in 2020, but many banks maintain the withdrawal limit and charge a fee if you exceed it. Always track your withdrawals and note any limits in place to avoid this fee. ATM fees: If you use an out-of-network ATM, your bank may charge you an ATM fee. If you frequently use ATMs, look for an account that offers a significant number of ATMs in your area or reimburses ATM fees. Paper statement fee: Many financial institutions charge a fee for receiving paper statements by mail. Sign up for electronic statements to eliminate this fee. Account closure fee: Closing your savings account within a certain window may also trigger a fee. This window is generally 90 days after opening the account or less and is in place to discourage account churning -- opening and closing accounts in rapid succession to receive new account bonuses. Note any policies regarding account closure fees before closing an account to avoid surprises. A high-yield savings account that earns a 5% APY or more is an ideal option to store and grow your savings, whether to build an emergency savings fund or save for a specific goal. And since savings rates remain high, now’s a good time to maximize your interest-earning potential by switching to a high-yield savings account.   Be aware that some banks advertising the highest rates may have terms or restrictions. Pay attention to the fine print and choose the account that best serves your overall savings goals.   CNET maintains a regularly updated list of the best savings accounts and best high-yield savings accounts. Use these resources as a starting point to compare the most competitive APYs available from banks, credit unions and neobanks (newer banks that operate exclusively online or through mobile apps) that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or National Credit Union Administration for up to $250,000 per person, per institution if the bank fails. CNET reviews savings accounts by comparing them across set criteria, including annual percentage yield, monthly fees, minimum deposits or balances, and access to physical branches.    We reviewed more than two dozen leading traditional banks and online financial offerings to determine our best savings accounts. Along with the aforementioned criteria, we also considered sign-up bonuses and other rewards. All savings accounts must also be insured by the FDIC.   The banks, credit unions and neobanks we reviewed include Affirm Savings, Alliant Credit Union, Ally, America First Credit Union, American Express High Yield Savings Account, Axos High Yield Savings, Bank of America Advantage Savings, Bank of the West, Bank5 Connect, Barclays, Bask Bank, Bread Savings, BrioDirect High-Yield Savings, Capital One 360 Checking, Charles Schwab, Chase Premier Savings, Chime, Citibank, Citizens Online Savings Account, Colorado Federal Savings Bank, Consumers Credit Union, Discover, First Internet Bank of Indiana, LendingClub, Live Oak Bank, M&T Bank, Marcus, My Banking Direct, Nationwide My Savings, Navy Federal Credit Union, NBKC, OneUnited Bank, PenFed CU, PNC, Popular Direct Select Savings, PurePoint Financial, Quontic Bank, Rising Bank, Salem Five Direct, Sally Mae Smarty Pig, Santander Bank, Synchrony, TAB Bank, TD Bank, TIAA Bank, Truist Bank, U.S. Bank, UFB Direct, Union Bank, USAA Bank, Varo, Vio and Wells Fargo. CNET editors independently choose every product and service we cover. Though we can’t review every available financial company or offer, we strive to make comprehensive, rigorous comparisons in order to highlight the best of them. For many of these products and services, we earn a commission. The compensation we receive may impact how products and links appear on our site. Writers and editors and produce editorial content with the objective to provide accurate and unbiased information. A separate team is responsible for placing paid links and advertisements, creating a firewall between our affiliate partners and our editorial team. Our editorial team does not receive direct compensation from advertisers. CNET Money is an advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. We’re compensated in exchange for placement of sponsored products and services, or when you click on certain links posted on our site. Therefore, this compensation may impact where and in what order affiliate links appear within advertising units. While we strive to provide a wide range of products and services, CNET Money does not include information about every financial or credit product or service.

Full Article:
    Phishing attempts via text message are getting more frequent and more sophisticated. Learn how to avoid text scams and what to do if you fall victim.
   The FBI's 2023 crime report showed nearly 300,000 phishing scams resulting in $19 million in losses. Phishing attempts by text message have become so common that about one in three people in the US have received such texts, according to Tech Report. Even worse, a third of those people have fallen victim to those scams, and 65% of them didn't even know it until later. Text-message phishing scams (also called "smishing") are also becoming more sophisticated. Cybercriminals now have easy access to AI, which can be used to craft plausible messages from supposedly trustworthy sources. The FBI's latest Internet Crime Report found that 298,878 complaints of phishing scams in 2023 resulted in almost $19 million in losses.  One of the most confusing and stressful types of scams are unsolicited texts from your bank. While fraudulent texts are dangerous scams, authentic notifications from banks can be useful for letting you know when you have low funds in your checking account or a high credit card balance. How can you tell if a text message from your bank is real? Read on for tips to detect fake text messages and how to report phishing scams if you get hit by one. For more money tips, learn the best time to fly for cheap plane tickets and how to avoid utility scams. First, stop to consider if you've consented to receive text messages from your bank. Melanie McGovern, director of PR and social media at Better Business Bureau, tells CNET, "there are banks that will text, and if you've opted in, they're going to text you." If you're not sure whether you've agreed to receive texts from your bank, log on to your bank account from its official website, and check your communications preferences via your personal profile or settings. The setting for text messages could be under "Delivery Settings," "Alerts," or "Notifications." If you haven't enabled text notifications, be suspicious:  The message purportedly from your bank is almost certainly a scam, and you should report it to your bank and the FTC (see below). If you have enabled text notifications, you'll need to go further to determine whether the text message is legitimate. If you have agreed to receive text messages from your bank, there is a list of red flags that can help determine whether a banking related text is legitimate. First, banks will never ask for personal or confidential information via text messages. If a message wants to know your PIN code, online credentials or other account information, ignore the message and report it to your bank and the Federal Trade Commission. Most banks take care to explain their policies on a security or privacy page. Bank of America says that it will "never text, email or call you asking for personal or account information." Banks will also not ask you to verify your identity by clicking a link. Second, watch for claims of urgency. Scam messages often try to scare people by indicating they need to act quickly to avoid disaster. McGovern says, "they're expecting you to panic and act immediately. Especially if you see a bank name." Third, be wary of links that are similar to your bank's official website but slightly different, such as having an extra hyphen or using the .info domain extension instead of .com. Smishing messages might also ask you to send money or make purchases -- banks will never ask you to transfer money via text message. Also watch out for messages that seem too good to be true -- your bank won't send you a prize announcement for a contest you didn't even know you entered. The educational website Banks Never Ask That (sponsored by the American Bankers Association) includes more tips for avoiding banking-related smishing scams. No matter what the message from your bank says, it's best to contact your bank directly before doing anything. McGovern says you should "call your bank directly from the number on the back of your card or the number on their official website, not the number that texted you."  She also advises to "never click on the link that they send." You should always be able to reach any necessary URLs via your regular bank website. In fact, there's no need to engage with any text messages from your bank. You should be able to accomplish any necessary tasks by calling your bank or visiting its website. First, take a screenshot of the text message for reporting purposes and then delete the message -- you don't want to accidentally engage with it. Next, report your suspicious text message to both your bank and the FTC. If you didn't take any action on the text message, email it to your bank (see addresses below) or call them with the information. If you did interact with the text message at all, such as clicking a link or replying, be sure to call your bank's phone number for fraud or security issues ASAP. To report the phishing attempt to the FTC, simply forward the message to 7726 (SPAM). You can also report the scam using ReportFraudftc.gov. *First Republic Bank does not list an email address for reporting phishing scams on its website and has not yet replied to an email request for one Remember, there's no need to reply to or click any text messages from your bank, even when they are real. Play it safe by calling your bank or visiting its website whenever you get a text message, and you'll be sure to keep your accounts protected.

Full Article:Prashant Ketkar, CTO at Parallels (part of Alludo).   Not too long ago, an acquaintance of mine, let’s call him Dave, received an email from the HR department of the bank he works at: “Our compliance policies have been updated; please acknowledge them by June 30.” This friend, who had been through numerous cybersecurity trainings in his career and considered himself to be pretty tech-savvy, did a quick check to ensure the legitimacy of the sender’s address, the email’s look and the link. Everything looked good, so he clicked on the link to review the updated policies. He’d been phished. Let’s discuss how this situation is simply one that many in the banking sector may have found themselves in, as cyberattacks have surged exponentially. In the first half of 2021, there was an over 1,300% increase in ransomware incidents in the banking sector, according to company Trend Micro. Luckily for Dave, the phishing attempt was part of his security team’s quarterly awareness testing, so nothing devastating happened other than him kicking himself for failing the evaluation. But given that everything in the email passed his thorough check, how could he have been fooled? Imagine the shock of realizing a cyberattack just hit your bank—your funds are safe for now, but what about your personal information? Cybercriminals aren’t just after money: They target sensitive data too, which they can weaponize for future attacks or use as leverage for extortion. The fallout from such a breach can be catastrophic, leading to financial ruin for individuals and a tarnished reputation for financial institutions. Ransomware, phishing and advanced persistent threats (APTs) are the cybercriminals’ weapons of choice, and they use them to target millions of customers’ financial assets and confidential data. Unfortunately, these criminals are getting smarter, constantly evolving and learning how to make it harder for people to recognize their tactics. While the banking sector is not alone in facing a surge in cyberattacks, recent incidents have revealed systemic flaws in the banking sector’s cybersecurity approach, including the continued reliance on older and disjointed technologies that lack agility in responding to evolving threats. When Dave shared his story with me, it sparked a bigger conversation about these flaws. “It’s not just the legacy systems we’re using,” he told me. “It’s also the slow adoption of cloud services. Regulations make banks cautious, but this caution leaves us exposed.” Outdated firewalls, inadequate endpoint detection, and insufficient employee training on cyber hygiene are significant vulnerabilities. Phishing emails often serve as the primary vector for installing ransomware on bank networks. Once inside, hackers escalate privileges, encrypting critical data and demanding ransoms for its release. The conversation I had with Dave reflects an aspect of what we at my company work on every single day. To address vulnerabilities like the ones Dave’s story pointed out, the banking sector must embrace a proactive and comprehensive cybersecurity posture. Implementing a zero-trust framework—where trust is never assumed, even within the organization—can significantly enhance security. By verifying every user, device and application, regardless of location, banks can fortify their defenses against cyber threats. In addition to zero trust, leveraging advanced tools like remote browser isolation (RBI) can provide an extra layer of protection. RBI ensures that web content is executed in a secure environment, preventing potential malware from reaching users’ devices. These combined strategies form the essential toolbox the banking sector must revisit to bolster its defenses against evolving cyber threats. The banking sector must adapt by implementing innovative solutions and ensuring employees are well-trained to keep up with evolving threats. This is essential to protect customers’ financial assets and confidential data from relentless cyberattacks. Forbes Technology Council is an invitation-only community for world-class CIOs, CTOs and technology executives. Do I qualify? Full Article: Forbes Business Development Council is an invitation-only community for sales and biz dev executives. Do I qualify?   In recent years, credit unions have emerged as a compelling alternative to traditional banks, particularly among Generation-Z. This demographic, born between the mid-'90s and early 2010s, is characterized by its unique values, technological savviness and a strong desire for social impact. As financial industry and psychographic experts delve into this trend, several key insights arise that help illuminate why credit unions are becoming increasingly attractive to Gen-Z. I have been working with the financial services industry for 20+ years and tracking these trends as they get real. Gen-Z places a high value on social responsibility, transparency and ethical practices. Unlike previous generations, they are more likely to support businesses that align with their values. According to a study by The Center for Generational Kinetics, nearly 60% of Gen-Z respondents said that if a company "takes a stance on a social issue they are passionate about," they would be inclined to start using a product from that company. This expectation goes beyond mere marketing campaigns; brands must be actively engaged in the issues they support and be transparent about their values and actions. Credit unions, with their community-focused missions and member-centric models, naturally resonate with these priorities. They offer a sense of belonging and purpose that traditional banks often lack. Credit unions are inherently designed to serve their members and communities rather than maximizing profits for shareholders. By supporting community projects, credit unions help to improve the overall quality of life in their communities. This aligns perfectly with Gen-Z’s desire for social impact. By supporting local businesses, providing financial education and investing in community projects, credit unions demonstrate a commitment to social good that appeals to Gen-Z’s ethical considerations. Credit unions generally offer better interest rates and lower fees compared to traditional banks. They also tend to provide more personalized services. These benefits are particularly appealing to Gen-Z, who are often navigating financial challenges such as student loans and entry-level salaries. The economic advantages offered by credit unions can significantly impact their financial well-being. Gen-Z is the first generation to grow up with the internet and smartphones, making digital accessibility a crucial factor in their choice of financial institutions. A study by Chase confirms that "younger generations are using digital tools to help manage their credit score, budget and save more than most consumers." While many traditional banks are expanding their digital footprints to keep up with the times, credit unions have also made significant strides in enhancing their digital presence, offering mobile banking apps, online account management and other tech-driven services. These innovations ensure that credit unions meet the high technological expectations of Gen-Z and also invite credit unions to spend more on their digital innovations. Financial literacy is a critical issue for Gen-Z, many of whom feel unprepared to manage their finances effectively. Another study found that only 43% of Gen-Z respondents could correctly answer questions related to financial literacy. A lack of financial knowledge leads to significant issues such as accumulating debt and experiencing financial instability. Almost half of Gen-Z (47%) carry some form of debt, including credit card debt and student loans. Credit unions often provide educational resources, workshops and personalized financial advice, empowering Gen-Z to make informed financial decisions. This focus on education not only attracts Gen-Z but also fosters long-term loyalty. Marketing to Gen-Z requires a nuanced approach that emphasizes authenticity, transparency and social impact. Credit unions that successfully leverage social media, influencer partnerships and content marketing can more effectively reach and engage this demographic. Highlighting real stories of community impact and member benefits can also resonate deeply with Gen-Z. Gen-Z faces unique financial challenges, including student debt and irregular income from gig economy jobs. According to a report by CBS News, 74% of Gen-Z borrowers have delayed major financial decisions due to their student loan debt. Credit unions often offer tailored products and services, such as flexible loan options and budgeting tools, that address these specific needs, as well as offer financial literacy programs. By providing solutions that cater to their financial realities, credit unions become a practical and attractive choice for Gen-Z. The social impact of credit unions is a key factor in attracting Gen-Z. Based on my experience, this is an aspect that traditional banks may also learn from credit unions. By aligning with their values, addressing unique financial needs and leveraging technological innovations, credit unions offer a compelling alternative to traditional banks. As Gen-Z continues to seek out financial institutions that prioritize social responsibility and community impact, credit unions are well-positioned to meet their expectations and foster long-term loyalty. Having worked with several credit unions, I strongly believe that attracting Gen-Z based on credit unions’ strengths and providing a great experience will ensure that credit unions become the financial institution of choice for Gen-Z.  Forbes Business Development Council is an invitation-only community for sales and biz dev executives. Do I qualify? Full Article:As the 2024 U.S. presidential election continues to near, voters are just 
one week away from the election season's lone vice... Gov. Tim Walz explains his proposals on a child tax cut plan during the CBS 
News Vice Presidential Debate. (Courtesy: CBS News) Though mass deportation of immigrants in the country illegally has been a 
central talking point of Donald Trump's 2024 campaign, on the... Students at Sacramento State watched the Vice Presidential debate﻿ on 
Tuesday night from a classroom on campus as part of the school's... It's a well-known secret that inkjet ink is being kept at artificially high 
prices, which is why many opt to forego 'genuine' manufacturer... Today, U.S. forces in the Middle East intercepted multiple missiles launched by Iran toward Israel, as we fulfilled our commitment to... Veszprem HC returned to the final of the IHF Men's Club World Championship for the first time in nine years, after a dramatic win in the... Both look fantastic, and this could turn into a Pokémon-style situation where collectors aim to grab both. Currently, Amazon has the... Israeli officials tell Axios Israel will launch a "significant retaliation" to Iran's massive missile attack within days. Two hundred people including 52 speakers attended our 2024 Bike, Walk, Roll Summit in Tacoma from Sept. 11-13.From cycle highways to... Amos starred as the family patriarch on the hit 1970s sitcom “Good Times" and earned an Emmy nomination for his role in the seminal 1977... Fernando Tatis Jr. sent the Petco Park crowd into a frenzy with a towering two-run homer on his first playoff swing in four years as the... A shooting incident has taken place in Tel Aviv in Israel, according to a statement from the Israeli Police Spokesperson's Unit. Taco Bell, Taco Cabana and Chuy's are just some of the places you'll find deals this National Taco Day on Tuesday, Oct. 1. Armed conflicts and attacks
 Armed conflicts and attacks
 Business and economy
 Disasters and accidents
 Law and crime
 Politics and elections
 
Full Article:The page you are looking for does not exist. POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:Chinese consumers are on a budget and they're not just scrimping on fashion. It's now become a trend in China to save on nearly every consumer category, from luxury goods to everyday consumables to travel, with cheaper substitutes. It's not an entirely new movement — because who doesn't love a good bargain? — but its traction appears to have picked up in the last year amid China's economic gloom. Alibaba's 1688 wholesale platform is a standout beneficiary of the trend, with searches for "pingti" up nearly 2,000% on-year in January, ahead of Chinese New Year, according to local media. This trend for pingti, or "affordable alternative," products is particularly popular with young Chinese, who are trading tips about how to spend their money wisely on social media.  The word pingti covers a range of products, including dupes, counterfeits, and products that come from the same factories as their branded counterparts — as long as the price is more affordable than a much higher-end product. It's most obvious in the fashion and beauty sphere, where influencers share tips and savings from dupes. In one post from Xiaohongshu, China's answer to Instagram, a content creator showed how using a full face of dupes can save her nearly 1,000 Chinese yuan, or $140. Products she replaced with dupes that appear similar when applied on her face include a foundation from MAC and a popular eyeshadow from Bobbi Brown — brands from beauty giant Estée Lauder. "It's certainly nice to use branded stuff, right? Who doesn't like that big logo? But when it comes to how the makeup turns out, how big a difference can it really make? You can see it for yourself," said Yidafu, the content creator. Pingti substitution has become a "common strategy" across nearly every category, including everyday goods, household items, and even premium or luxury products, MingYii Lai, a strategy consultant at Beijing-based market research firm Daxue Consulting, told Business Insider. While it's about cost-effectiveness, it's not just about budgets on the cheap, either. These Prada and Bottega Veneta pingtis for the Hermès Lindy bag cost around 23,000 to 24,000 Chinese yuan, or $3,230 to $3,370 — still less than half the price of the Hermes bag. The prevailing zeitgeist in China is about "aiming to live well while spending less," Lai said. As BI reported in August, people in China are buying affordable fashion items on online retail platforms to achieve the old-money aesthetic on the cheap with dupes — which, unlike counterfeits, are cheaper alternatives to the real thing. The trend comes as China faces a prolonged economic slump following its exit from pandemic lockdowns. The world's second-largest economy is dealing with an epic property crisis, deflation, a high youth unemployment rate, and geopolitical tensions. But it's just not luxury products that people in China are replacing with more rational prices. People are seeking lower-cost alternatives for everyday products. This is particularly pronounced since China is practically the original equipment manufacturer of the world. These OEM factories manufacture parts and products for companies that, in turn, sell them to consumers under their own names. Consumers buy from the manufacturers in bulk for their value and pricing on Alibaba's 1688 platform — even for food products. A search for pingti snacks on Xiaohongshu turns up videos that show more affordable alternatives to popular products, including Lay's potato chips. Some videos say the alternative substitutes are from the OEM factories of the branded goods. University teaching assistant and part-time counselor Ruth Jin, 32, told Business Insider that she recently started buying off-brand clothing on e-commerce apps Taobao and Pinduoduo. She no longer shops at retail outlets for branded dresses. "Non-branded merchants usually imitate the branded items, like my dresses. I would search the branded item first, then scan online to look to see if there are cheaper, non-branded ones," she said. Chinese consumers are also substituting travel, education, and even healthcare experiences. Travelers "find that some domestic sceneries offer a comparable experience to international ones," Lai said. This Xiaohongshu post from a tour company lists locations in mainland China that are pingtis to some international hotspots. They include Ili city in Xinjiang, where there are lavender fields just like in Provence, France, and Xishuangbanna prefecture — which borders Laos and Myanmar — as an alternative to Bangkok. In Xishuangbanna, there's architecture similar to that in Thailand. And the language of the Dai ethnic group living in the prefecture sounds like the Thai language — so "it feels like you're in Thailand," according to the post. Cleo Xie, a 46-year-old senior banking executive in Chengdu, said her family would vacation in Europe or Asia at least twice a year before the pandemic. But since 2020, they've only traveled within China on holidays. She's been trying a new travel style that's in vogue among younger people: "citywalk." The idea is to visit a Chinese city and spend a day strolling its streets and soaking in its atmosphere, instead of taking a full-blown vacation. The trend has taken off on Xiaohongshu, with over 1.7 billion views for #Citywalk, where young spenders share their favorite local snack shops or recommend walking routes for their peers. "I enjoy walking around and seeing the life of local people, tasting local food," Xie told BI, saying she prefers to take the high-speed rail instead of flying. "The control measures during the pandemic changed everyone's travel habits," she added. "Now many people think domestic vacations are convenient and you don't have to plan to do so much." As for education, young people are exploring options at universities that target senior students and attending personal-interest classes at public libraries, where they're cheaper than at commercial outlets, said Lai. Meanwhile, people are turning to telemedicine and online pharmacies for non-critical conditions. The wave to downgrade spending comes as China is still struggling to turn its economy around following the pandemic. Beijing is now trying to turn the economy around with a concerted stimulus blitz that has boosted market sentiment tremendously. Official data released in September showed China's Consumer Price Index rising less than what economists had expected. Meanwhile, its Producer Price Index — which measures the price of goods at the factory gate — fell 1.8% from a year ago. It was the 23rd straight month the PPI was in the negative zone, sparking concerns about a "deflation spiral" in which people could delay their purchases on expectations of further price declines, further dragging the economy. China's consumers continue to be frugal in the months ahead. A Bank of America survey of 1,052 adult Chinese consumers showed weakening consumer sentiment, with 30% of respondents planning to spend more — down from 45% in June. Just 21% expected their income to increase over the next six months. Jin, the part-time counselor, told BI that she still prefers to buy cosmetics and accessories from brands she knows and trusts, like lipstick from Yves Saint Laurent and bags from Charles & Keith. But she's grown satisfied with the non-branded clothes she's found online, especially given their lower prices. "My family and myself are more cautious with spending," she said. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:Earlier this month, Disney walked itself into a PR nightmare. Jeffrey J. Piccolo named the entertainment giant in a wrongful-death lawsuit in February after his wife, Kanokporn Tangsuan, died at a restaurant in Disney Springs in Florida. Piccolo is representing Tangsuan's estate. Tangsuan, a doctor from New York, experienced a "severe acute allergic reaction" in October 2023 after dining at Raglan Road Irish Pub and Restaurant. Court documents said that Tangsuan had severe dairy and nut allergies, so her family decided to dine at that restaurant because they believed it would have "proper safeguards." Piccolo and Tangsuan asked a restaurant employee on "numerous occasions" if the establishment served allergen-free options, which the employee confirmed. Tangsuan was then transported to the hospital after collapsing in Planet Hollywood, according to the lawsuit. A medical examiner's investigation determined that her cause of death resulted from "anaphylaxis due to elevated levels of dairy and nut in her system." Piccolo requested in excess of $50,000 in damages from Disney and the restaurant's operator, Great Irish Pubs Florida, Inc. Disney's motion to compel arbitration might have been to avoid a jury trial, which could have attracted more media attention. But its response had the opposite effect. In May, Disney argued that Piccolo could not make his case before a a jury because he accepted a Subscriber Agreement when registering for a Disney+ free trial in 2019. Registering for an account includes agreeing to the Subscriber Agreement and Terms of Use, which include a "binding arbitration clause." Arbitration is when parties involved in a dispute have a neutral third party resolve the matter instead of a court jury. "The Terms of Use, which were provided with the Subscriber Agreement, include a binding arbitration clause. The first page of the Subscriber Agreement states, in all capital letters, that 'any dispute between You and Us, Except for Small Claims, is subject to a class action waiver and must be resolved by individual binding arbitration,'" court documents said. Disney said Piccolo agreed to those terms again in September 2023 when he booked tickets to visit one of its theme parks. Piccolo's lawyers responded to Disney earlier this month by calling the argument "fatally flawed" and "preposterous." Consumers thought so, too. The surprising legal argument also captured the media's attention, causing the story to go viral. One X user called the Disney+ argument "very dystopian," while others encouraged people to cancel their subscriptions in retaliation. One such X post was liked 93,000 times, while another gained 96,000 likes. Media outlets like The Associated Press published articles describing Disney's argument as a cautionary tale for consumers who click "agree" without reading the fine print. A Disney spokesperson soon attempted to quell the masses with a statement distancing the company from Raglan Road Irish Pub and Restaurant. "We are deeply saddened by the family's loss and understand their grief. Given that this restaurant is neither owned nor operated by Disney, we are merely defending ourselves against the plaintiff's attorney's attempt to include us in their lawsuit against the restaurant," the statement said. David Triana, director of media relations at Axia Public Relations, a top national PR agency, told Business Insider that the Disney+ argument, in tandem with the arbitration request, was a misstep on the company's part. "I'm honestly surprised that this was even entertained by Disney," Triana said. "We're not talking about losing a little money on a park ticket or sharing a password for your Disney+ account. Somebody died." Triana said that although Disney might have been thinking from a legal perspective, it lost sight of the human perspective. "You have to be very empathetic and cautious in a situation like this. Not only toward the people in the situation but also people who plan on going to Disney and will sign the same terms," he said. Triana said Disney's argument could cause would-be park guests to rethink their decision. "It might give people pause if they're coming to the parks for the first time or if they are planning on signing up for Disney+," he said. "They'll say, 'Okay, I've signed this. Does that now put me at a disadvantage?'" Disney's first statement didn't curb the criticism from consumers online. So, less than a week later, Disney said in another statement that it would prioritize "humanity" and reverse course, waiving its right to arbitration. "At Disney, we strive to put humanity above all other considerations. With such unique circumstances as the ones in this case, we believe this situation warrants a sensitive approach to expedite a resolution for the family who have experienced such a painful loss," Josh D'Amaro, chairman of Disney Experiences, said. "As such, we've decided to waive our right to arbitration and have the matter proceed in court." Natela Shenon, a business law attorney in California, told BI that Disney could have changed its legal strategy for two reasons. Shenon pointed out that Disney neither owns nor operates Raglan Road Irish Pub and Restaurant, so its legal team might be banking on that detail. Another reason could be that Disney hoped to avoid a jury trial, where sympathy for a multibillion-dollar corporation could be scarce. Shenon said it's not uncommon for large companies to suggest arbitration rather than a jury trial. "Look at it from Disney's perspective. Let's say that you're on a jury and this case comes up in front of you," Shenon said. "You're like, 'Okay, but this is Disney. They have all this money. Who cares?'' Shenon added, "A layperson might glaze over something like this and say, 'Oh, Disney is a big company. They're not being fair to the small guys.'" Shenon told BI that arbitration is similar to litigation. "People still get their day in court, so to speak. It moves faster, and it's more efficient," Shenon said. When asked if Disney's argument could hold up in a courtroom, Shenon said it depended. "I think that an argument as far as Disney+ goes would probably be very far-fetched," she said. "Buying tickets through the website would hold water." Legal proceedings for the lawsuit are still ongoing, but Triana said Disney has the opportunity to mend its public image now through transparency. "Disney, in my opinion, would need to show in good faith that they've learned from the situation by either removing the arbitration clause or modifying the arbitration clause," he said. A representative for Disney said it has no additional comments at this time. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIESFull Article:Hi! Be careful getting behind a Gen Zer next time you go through airport security. They might stop to take a pic of their "TSA tray aesthetic." In today's big story, this guy is ready to give up after applying to nearly 2,200 jobs. What's on deck: But first, please include a cover letter. If this was forwarded to you, sign up here. How tough is the current job market? Imagine striking out roughly 2,200 times. That's the reality for Kevin Cash, who has had a tough time finding a new gig since getting laid off in late 2022. He spoke to Business Insider's Tim Paradis about his discouraging job-seeking journey. The job market is in a weird spot these days. Unemployment is still relatively low, sitting at around 4.2%. But August's labor data showed US nonfarm payrolls were weaker than expected, adding 142,000 jobs instead of the expected 164,000. So while a ton of people aren't out of work (Good!), companies aren't hiring a lot of new workers either (Bad!). For some, that means getting stuck in a job you might not love. But for people like Kevin, it's become almost impossible to find work. On paper — and maybe in another labor market — Kevin appears to be the perfect candidate. He has a background in a growing field (business intelligence and semiconductor manufacturing), he's well-educated (five degrees, including an MBA), smart (a member of high-IQ society Mensa), and a veteran. But instead it's been rejection after rejection for Kevin. Forget even getting a job offer. A foot in the door is proving maddeningly hard. By Kevin's math (he tracks his applications in a database) he has a 0.55% chance of getting a phone screener and a 0.28% chance of an interview. Kevin's case might be extreme, but it's not uncommon. White-collar workers, in particular, are having a hard time finding new jobs. It's a tough reality check for employees who previously held all the power in the job market. The bright side is a shift in tides could be on the horizon. The Fed is expected to start cutting interest rates next week. That, coupled with fears of a recession subsiding, could give businesses some confidence in getting more aggressive with their hiring. But we're not likely to return to the zero-rate boon times of a few years ago. The efficiencies achieved over the past few years from cost cutting aren't going to be given up by companies easily. And even if they do manage to get some breathing room, the type of hiring companies might consider could be very specific. Making the most of AI investments remains a top priority for tech companies, meaning the limited amount of talent with experience in that field is likely to be the big winner. Trump? Harris? For these stocks, it doesn't really matter. As long as economic growth continues, semiconductor businesses and companies that invest in the debt or equity of smaller companies stand to benefit regardless of November's result, according to strategists at Oppenheimer Research. Check out these seven election-proof stocks. (For what it's worth, the stock market reacted as if Harris won Tuesday's debate.) 2. The latest inflation data is bad news for people banking on a bigger rate cut. The consumer price index continued to cool, but an unexpected rise in core inflation means a 50-basis-point cut by the Fed next week is now unlikely. Investors aren't pumped. 3. The start of something new for hedge-fund fees? The $11 billion ExodusPoint just made a concession on fees that could ripple across the industry. So far, they're the biggest name in the space to adopt a so-called "cash hurdle." Twitter flees San Francisco. More than a decade ago, the city gave the company a massive tax break to stay put when it threatened to move to the suburbs. At the time it worked — but now Elon Musk is over it. Here's how it all went south. (Literally, since X is moving to Austin.) 2. Hell hath no fury like an influencer scorned. Apple is taking a bigger bite out of the creator economy: its whopping 30% in-app fee has spread to more creator platforms, and it takes a cut of donations and purchases on iOS. Creators are fuming and say the company gives little in return for the money it takes. 3. Jensen Huang's great expectations. In a conversation with Goldman Sachs chief David Soloman, the Nvidia CEO painted a picture of the big returns on AI infrastructure. Although costs may double, companies get things done 20 times faster with generative AI, Huang said. "It's not unusual to see this ROI," he added. The Insider Today team: Dan DeFrancesco, deputy editor and anchor, in New York. Hallam Bullock, senior editor, in London. Milan Sehmbi, fellow, in London. Amanda Yen, fellow, in New York. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:
North Carolina Republican Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson — a staunch conservative and ally of former President Donald Trump — is no stranger to controversy. During a 2019 Facebook Live video, Robinson said abortion "is about killing the child because you weren't responsible enough to keep your skirt down." In 2023, he said God "formed" him to fight against LGBTQ+ acceptance while also noting that it made him "sick" to see any church fly a Rainbow flag. And earlier this year, he called for the arrest of transgender women who choose to use women's bathrooms. Despite Robinson's history of polarizing comments, he easily won the state's GOP gubernatorial primary in March. But in a bombshell CNN story published last week, the network reported that Robinson made a series of racist, antisemitic, and sexually explicit comments on a pornographic site more than a decade ago — before he was in public office. On the site Nude Africa, Robinson describes himself as a "black NAZI!" and argues that "slavery is not bad," among other remarks. Robinson has denied the accusation and vowed to remain in the race. But even before the report was published, he was behind in the polls against his Democratic opponent, state Attorney General Josh Stein. Meanwhile, Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris are locked in a tight race in North Carolina. Here's a look at how Robinson's scandal could not only imperil Trump's ability to win the Tar Heel State but also potentially obliterate the former president's chances to win the general election. Robinson rose to prominence in GOP circles after his forceful defense of gun rights during a 2018 address to the Greensboro City Council went viral. In his speech, he decried what he said were attempts to enact gun control, arguing that criminals would simply ignore the laws. The speech helped pave the way for Robinson's 2020 victory in a race for lieutenant governor, which he won by three percentage points even as Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper was reelected to a second term. That year, Trump also won North Carolina — albeit narrowly — against now-President Joe Biden. Anchored by the support of rural conservatives, the then-president eked out a one-point victory in what has become one of the nation's premier swing states. Robinson's political brand is rooted in a more confrontational Republican style, though. His biggest advantage is with social conservatives, not the sort of college-educated suburban voters who have turned away from the GOP in the Trump era. It's encapsulated in earlier polling. A New York Times/Siena College poll released in August showed Stein leading Robinson 49% to 39% among likely voters. A Quinnipiac University poll released earlier this month showed Stein up by 10 points (51% to 41%) among likely voters. And a recent Emerson College poll showed Stein ahead of Robinson by eight points (48% to 40%) among likely voters. Robinson's campaign has stumbled in the state for some time — and it's unclear what the ramifications of the latest allegations will be for his candidacy. But state Treasurer Dale Folwell, who lost to Robinson in this year's gubernatorial primary, last week told the News & Observer that taxpayers and donors were "getting fleeced" by the lieutenant governor. Such a remark from a fellow statewide GOP official usually doesn't bode well for party unity. And Trump is now caught in that web. When popular candidates are running at the top of the ticket — notably in presidential, gubernatorial, or Senate races — they often boost down-ballot candidates. A strong candidate leading the party on the ballot can have an immeasurable impact on turnout and enthusiasm for candidates who need help getting over the finish line. In 2020, Robinson outperformed Trump in North Carolina, but the former president also brought out voters who undoubtedly boosted the lieutenant governor in areas where he wasn't as well known. Now, Robinson's latest scandal threatens Trump's hold on a state that Harris has targeted since her campaign began in July. The vice president has reversed the slide that the party faced when Biden was the nominee, and recent polls taken in North Carolina have showed her tied with Trump or with a slight lead. Harris' competitiveness in the state is driven by her advantages with women, young voters, urban voters, and college-educated suburbanites. And she's running a distinctly pro-choice campaign, in contrast to Robinson — an anti-abortion champion who also revealed last month that his wife had an abortion 30 years ago. Pessimism over Robinson's campaign could depress Trump's numbers in the state, creating a "reverse coattail" effect — especially if Robinson loses by a sizable margin. The GOP is up against a Harris campaign that's flush with cash and has 26 field offices and over 200 paid staffers in North Carolina. The Harris campaign also released an ad seeking to tie Robinson to Trump, weaving in old footage where the ex-president said the lieutenant governor was "better than Martin Luther King." Democrats believe that Harris' presence on the ballot will be able to help them in other races. "[W]hat's very exciting to me is that we have a lot of people that are interested in the top of the ticket, but that are also getting educated about the importance of down-ballot," North Carolina Democratic Party chair Anderson Clayton recently told MSNBC's Chris Hayes. Should Harris win North Carolina and its 16 electoral votes, she'll likely already be on her way to a national victory, given the state's slight Republican lean in presidential races. However, although she'd clearly like to do so, Harris doesn't have to win the state to win the election. But North Carolina is critical for Trump. It has been a Southern anchor of support in his last two presidential runs. And the state's penchant for close elections is a reflection of just how much Robinson's woes could ultimately decide Trump's political fate. During a Saturday rally in Wilmington, Trump seemed to acknowledge that reality. Robinson was not present at the event. And the former president didn't mention the lieutenant governor's name. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES
Full Article:Good morning! I've been known to make a bet or two in my day, which is why I'm wondering the odds you could get betting you'd have four kids with the same birthday. In today's big story, the economy is heading in the right direction, but consumers aren't buying it. What's on deck: But first, the vibes are all off. If this was forwarded to you, sign up here. The Federal Reserve cut interest rates, the stock market reached all-time highs, and the risk of a recession is gone. Things seem to be going really well for the economy, right? Wrong. Consumers aren't feeling bullish about the economy these days. In fact, they're quite pessimistic. US consumer confidence suffered its biggest drop in three years this month, according to data from the Conference Board. We've been here before. For much of 2022 and 2023, Americans were in a "vibecession" where their perception of the economy was much worse than the data indicated. Last time around, pesky inflation was keeping things like groceries and housing costs high, even as the rest of the economy showed improvement. This time, the labor market's the culprit, writes Business Insider's Juliana Kaplan. But it's not mass layoffs most people are worried about. Having a job isn't the issue — the unemployment rate is just 4.2% — as much as finding the next gig. It's no wonder that consumers aged 35 to 54 suffered the biggest drop in confidence, according to the Conference Board. This group, which is in its prime earning years, is facing a job market that's keeping them stuck in place. The labor market isn't a lost cause, though. The Fed has acknowledged its top priority is keeping an eye on job growth and unemployment. We'll get a sense of which direction things are headed on October 4 when we get September's payroll data. Morgan Stanley's chief US equity strategist, Mike Wilson, recently outlined the best- and worst-case scenarios for the numbers in regard to the stock market. If unemployment dips below 4.1% and non-farm payroll can surpass 150,000, consider it game on for a big fourth quarter for stocks. But if unemployment climbs to 4.3% and non-farm payroll drops below 100,000, buckle up for a bumpy ride. The stock market isn't representative of the entire economy, as we've already covered. But continued success there could give companies more confidence to start hiring again. The Insider Today team: Dan DeFrancesco, deputy editor and anchor, in New York. Jack Sommers, deputy editor, in London. Jordan Parker Erb, editor, in New York. Amanda Yen, fellow, in New York. Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:
Rich Nuzum is Mercer's global chief investment strategist, advising institutional investors with more than $16 trillion in assets (yes, trillions with a "T") on where to put money, what to be worried about, and who to trust with their precious capital. He spoke to Business Insider about the private credit boom, evaluating asset managers, and being ready for the next crisis. This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity. Every client is different, and we tend to come to things with a blank sheet of paper, but with that said, I think there are three main themes. One is to grab the higher real and nominal yields that are now available while they're still available. As we sit here today, we can get 3.82% nominal in a 10-year treasury; we can lock in a real yield of about 2.15%. That's down from what was available last October, but it's still a lot better than most of our recent lived history. So grabbing those yields is a focus of a lot of investors. You can do that through private credit. You can do that through infrastructure debt. You can do that through real-estate debt. You can customize the duration of what you're investing in to match your objectives and how much liquidity risk you're taking. So that's very attractive and what's driving the interest in private credit is. So one is diversifying their portfolios, and that's driving increased interest in all the liquid alternatives, and then also in hedge funds, but not for all clients. There is continued strong interest in hedge funds from a subset of asset owners, whereas I'd say the interest in private credit, private equity, real estate, and infrastructure is more uniform across investors. The second is getting ready for the next crisis, trying to make sure governance is ready to be opportunistic. A quick walkthrough of recent history shows that in the global financial crisis, you could get great private equity portfolios of 60 cents on the dollar for about three to six months and great deals on distressed debt for about three to six months. For high-yield debt in the COVID drawdown, it was about three weeks. In the gilts crisis, it was about three days. So the opportunity to be opportunistic seems to be shrinking as we have these crises, and having your governance ready —at least to rebalance, but ideally to be opportunistic — is a focus for a lot of institutional owners. There's a sense that we haven't had a real crisis in a long time. The COVID drawdown was actually short-lived. We, collectively as a society, threw so much monetary and fiscal stimulus at it. While the virus was horrible, the economy didn't come to a halt, at least in developed markets. The policy response worked. People are trying to get their governance ready to be opportunistic fast but also ready for, say, a three-year period when the stock market's down 45%. We were a lot more worried about the possible impact of a widespread crisis on the private credit sub-asset classes last October than we are today. When you go back to the Greenwich Economic Forum last fall, about half the people that got onstage were telling us that the US 10-year yield was going to go to 7.5%, the US government budget deficit and structural deficits weren't sustainable, that the US dollar would lose its role as a global reserve currency — and this was during a week when Speaker McCarthy found a way to keep the government open, but at the cost of the speakership. We were talking about trying to get inflation under control globally, and it wasn't clear that the monetary authorities could do that. The consensus wisdom was that to do that, they'd have to put us into recession with significant unemployment, so then you lose consumer confidence. And today, we've got stocks at all-time highs. We've got bond yields well-behaved. We've got the Fed Chairman going to Jackson Hole and saying, 'Okay, it's time to cut.' So the prospect of an immediate crisis is a lot more relaxed, so the idea that these asset classes are going to get challenged and stressed in a way that some of them have never been before is a bit more remote. Also, the regulators — there's always the possibility of regulatory intervention disrupting an asset class. My sense is they were more concerned about the innovation in private credit a year ago, and they seem to have collectively gotten more comfortable with the narrow banking thesis that having banks intermediate was probably less good for the financial system than having long-term institutional investors with sophisticated intermediaries intermediate these things. Because if there's a loss somewhere — if we're collectively making a mistake and it turns out to be more risky than we think, with bigger defaults and less repayments — those losses, most of them, are going to hit well-diversified, long-term oriented investors and they'll impact those investors' ability to achieve their investment objective, but it's not banks with retail depositors suddenly with insolvency. Our manager research and selection process is forward-looking, and that's really helpful. What we're looking for is a competitive advantage in four areas. One is idea generation. What do you think is going to drive securities prices going forward in your area of interest? Two, portfolio construction. How do you build a portfolio that's exposed to where you have a view and not exposed to other risk factors where you don't? Three, implementation. How do you trade the portfolio without giving back the value of your insights and trading costs? And then business management. How do you maintain and enhance your competitive advantage on the first three? In our research process, we're meeting with all the smart, well-resourced people in a given area. Eight of them are going to sound the same and be doing the same things, and then the ninth and 10th that we meet with will have an edge, a competitive edge, on idea generation, portfolio construction, implementation. It could be because they're using AI in a new way or they got some new data. What was a competitive edge three years ago is not a competitive edge today.   Jump to

Full Article:Fourteen-hour work days, meetings during vacations, and no overtime. To some, this may sound like a job from hell. But for many employees in India, it's just another working day. India has one of the toughest work cultures in the world. In 2022, according to the most recently available data from the International Labour Organization, the average employee in India worked 46.7 hours a week, compared to about 38 in the US. Not only are employees in India working long hours, but many are also doing it under intense pressure. "The pressure is very, very high," Jennifer Hephzibah, a senior HR professional in India, told Business Insider. "If you don't deliver it at a particular time, you either lose your bonus, or you lose your job. It doesn't matter what you're going through otherwise." A Boston Consulting Group survey of 11,000 workers in eight countries in October 2023 found that 58% of Indian respondents reported feeling burned out — the highest share of any of the countries, including the US (50%), the UK (47%), and Japan (37%). This always-on culture has come under the spotlight recently following the death of an EY employee, Anna Sebastian Perayil, in July. Peryail's father, Sebastian Perayil, told The News Minute that he believed his daughter died of a combination of health issues, including work stress and acid reflux which triggered a lack of sleep. The official cause of Perayil's death, however, remains unclear. "Anna was unable to sleep on most days and couldn't eat on time," he told the publication. "After a whole night of work, she would have to wake up at 7:30 the next morning and repeat the same cycle." According to The Hindu, Perayil's mother emailed Rajiv Memani, the chairman at EY India, in the wake of Perayil's death, saying her daughter had collapsed four months into the job after struggling with "the workload, new environment, and long hours." She also accused EY of "glorifying overwork." EY told BI it was "taking the family's correspondence with utmost seriousness and humility" and called Perayil's death an "irreparable loss." Concerns about India's workplace culture are not new. Last year, the software billionaire and Infosys founder Narayana Murthy sparked controversy after saying that young people in India should be willing to work 70 hours a week to help the country progress. "India's work productivity is one of the lowest in the world," he told The Record, going on to say that unless India improved several factors including its work productivity, "we will not be able to compete with those countries that have made tremendous progress." "So, therefore," he continued, "my request is that our youngsters must say: "'This is my country. I'd like to work 70 hours a week.'" The comments appear to reflect wider expectations in India, even among employers with head offices elsewhere. Kavach Khanna, a former EY analyst in India, told BI that he believed he was expected to do more work than his US colleagues. "We used to talk to colleagues in the US in the same roles, and their experience was completely different from ours," Khanna said. "They would get to go for client meetings, leave the office on time, no stretched workdays, and they weren't overburdened like we were." EY did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Huge multinational companies, such as EY, Google, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Accenture, have set up cost centers in India. These centers, also called Global Capability Centers (GCCs), manage everything from cyber security to product development. They can also manage human resources and accounting. They are cheaper to run in India due to lower labor costs, and they help companies tap into a wide and hungry pool of tech-savvy, English-speaking talent. An EY report in 2023 projected that India is set to host at least 2,400 such centers by 2030, with a market value of more than $100 billion. An associate at the Indian office of a multinational banking and advisory firm told BI that even at his Western company, he believed Indian employees were expected to work longer and harder. He said 16- to 18-hour workdays — including some weekends — were normal in his job. "A lot of multinational corporations use India as a cost center because of the cheap labor," said the associate, who wanted to remain anonymous for fear of retaliation. "Offices in other countries have boundaries and then dump their extra work on us." Jeanie Chang, an executive coach who specializes in workplace mental health, said she had noticed such a trend, too. "It definitely exists that multinational companies tend to think, 'We love that the Indians work hard, so let's keep doing that.'" Chang also noted that some Asian communities place a cultural importance on work ethic that can lend itself to exploitation. "There's a word in Japanese and Korean," Chang said, "that literally means 'overworking yourself to death.' That should say something." So what is stopping employees from demanding change? Part of it might come down to competition. In 2022, according to the India Employment Report 2024, India's youth made up nearly 83% of the country's total unemployed population. With India's workforce thought to number well over 500 million, each job counts. Hephzibah, the senior HR professional, said that the sheer number of available workers has contributed to a feeling that employees are expendable, and has held them back from saying no to unreasonable demands for fear of losing their jobs. Perayil's mother's email, for instance, said her daughter "did not know how to say no." "She was trying to prove herself in a new environment, and in doing so, she pushed herself beyond her limits," the email said, Hephzibah said this was especially true for younger workers, who may not have enough experience to become critical within the company yet. "In the bigger companies," she said, "if you don't deliver, that's it: You're replaced." Chang told BI that she's had Indian employees point out their lack of resources compared to international peers in the same company. "They tell me, 'Jeanie, we don't have effective mental-health resources, but we hear the US does,'" she said. In a Gallup State of the Global Workplace report published in 2024, only 14% of the roughly 2,262 Indian employees surveyed said they were thriving at their workplace, compared with 34% of the 128,278 employees surveyed globally. Hephzibah, who has worked in both Indian-owned and multinational companies, told BI that multiple colleagues had left or requested transfers outside India in recent years — mainly because of the work culture. She also found cultural differences when conducting training sessions for employees in India and the US. When implementing the Indian training schedule for one company's American employees, Hephzibah faced pushback on issues like late session timings. "They said, 'We're not going to work after 6 and they could clearly call it out without feeling bad," Hephzibah said. "The problem in India is that people get scared to speak up because their jobs might be impacted." In Hephzibah's opinion, overtime and vacation policies need to be strictly enforceable in India. "Outside, we're very careful to communicate that we care because they have legal backing to sue," she said. "Over here, that entire system is missing." She agreed with Chang that effecting systemic change would also be up to the leaders and middle management, and not just down to a country's laws. "What is the leadership believing in? Is leadership overworking?" Chang said. "Because if they are, they're going to overwork their employees." Advertisement POPULAR CATEGORIES

Full Article:Oleg Chanchikov is CEO of CapyGroup, an embedded finance company focusing on the MarTech industry.   Over the past few years, I’ve seen how embedded finance has transformed the financial services scene. The seamless integration of fintech services with nonfinancial services and daily necessities has changed how we work, shop and pay. According to Globe News Wire, the embedded finance market is estimated to touch $384.8 billion by 2029. The market is expected to grow at a high rate of 30% CAGR during the forecast period. Today, customers and businesses expect financial services to be integrated into their daily lives. However, traditional banks and nonfinancial companies are facing limitations in adapting to modern financial needs for several reasons. Many see banks and embedded finance providers as irreconcilable competitors. However, I believe the key to accelerating the growth of the embedded finance industry and resolving the challenges of traditional banking lies, as is often the case, in cooperation. Here are four takeaways on how both sides can use each other's strengths to thrive. One of the primary reasons why banks struggle to meet their clients' financial services needs is when they lack understanding of their clients' businesses. For instance, banks that do not specialize in sectors like martech may offer generic solutions that fall short of overcoming specific industry challenges. On the other hand, nonfinancial companies that lack understanding of the financial sector often struggle with knowing what to expect from financial services and how to build them correctly. There are now embedded finance services that can respond to the needs of both of these groups and integrate expertise from both sides. However, sometimes the concept is only good on paper. For example, say a company turns to your bank to create cobranded cards. The audience might look attractive, leading the bank to invest in issuing thousands of cards. But in the end, the cards remain mostly unused. Often, the reason these collaborations fail is because either the company doesn't pay enough attention to card promotions or it doesn't provide its customers with enough benefits to stimulate them to use a cobranded card instead of the regular one. In cases like these, it is important that both sides have a clear idea of why the user will start and continue to actively use the card or other product. A simple application of embedded finance is not a magic button; technology will not save a project that does not meet the real needs of customers. Many traditional banks are still bound by outdated systems and regulatory constraints. With rigid infrastructure that operates in a certain way, developing new products and changing policies to create a comprehensive business solution is a risk banks often avoid taking. Nonfinancial companies and insurance companies also face challenges due to their business practices, legacy systems and regulations. Embedded finance companies, on the other hand, often thrive on innovation and can overcome these limitations by integrating various external providers that bypass any jurisdictions. For example, if a bank needs to change its policies to create factoring solutions, there are embedded finance providers that can develop comprehensive solutions by integrating external providers and service providers into a unified and user-friendly interface. (Full disclosure: My company offers this service, as do others.) This flexibility can allow embedded finance projects to address specific business needs more effectively compared to traditional banks or nonfinancial companies, which can make them more valuable. However, it cannot be denied that, due to their rich background and expertise, banks tend to be very good at calculating every detail that affects the profitability of a financial product. They are typically much more accurate in calculating launch costs and thoroughly thinking through the business models of planned projects. If your embedded finance team is working with a banking organization on such a project, listen to their experience, and don't let the enthusiasm of launching a new product override the need for careful calculations and meticulous planning. Embedded finance companies can create solutions where various providers can work with different geographical markets. Usually, in order to launch such products, the company has to open multiple legal entities. It's also important that the product have a unified and user-friendly interface. This seamless integration of different financial products into one unified and intuitive interface can provide a clear, coherent and efficient user experience. If banks were to do this, however, they might require multiple logins and interfaces due to their complex legacy systems, which could result in a confusing and inconvenient user experience, such as providing dozens of login options for various clients and regions. Even so, it is impossible to argue that banks' technical teams are often much better at understanding the technical intricacies of financial flows. For example, a bank specialist should understand exactly what their financial organization's processing is capable of. They know how to squeeze the most out of the technical infrastructure, and what expectations of the financial product the bank is able to make true. In this respect, representatives of embedded finance should still rely heavily on bank experts to make the collaboration as successful as possible. Banks and nonbanks often focus on niche markets with limited ROI; hence, they struggle to sell their financial products. Embedded finance companies, on the other hand, integrate different providers and services into one interface, which is why they tend to excel at effectively selling financial products. Our goal as bank and embedded finance professionals should be to work together to understand our nonfinancial clients' businesses and the requirements of financial products so that we can offer scaling solutions efficiently.  Forbes Business Council is the foremost growth and networking organization for business owners and leaders. Do I qualify? 
Full Article:Stuart Mackinnon is the Chief Operating Officer of NCR Atleos.   On September 2, 1969, America’s first ATM made its debut, revolutionizing access to cash and essential financial services. Far from being relics, ATMs are still evolving to drive financial inclusion and support the resilient infrastructure needed for future banking needs. Today, ATMs are entering a new era of utility banking. Drawing from my background and experience working in the financial services industry and with ATM technology for the past 20 years, let's take a closer look at this technology and how financial institutions can harness its potential impact. As consumer banking preferences shift, self-service ATMs are becoming increasingly important for financial institutions. Many customers desire flexibility in how and when they bank, including accessing cash. Low- to moderate-income households rely on cash, with about 15% of the U.S. population earning less than $25,000 per household. For the nearly 1.4 billion underbanked people globally, cash is a lifeline. Legislation is also evolving to ensure cash accessibility. The Payment Choice Act guarantees that U.S. consumers can make purchases using their preferred payment method. The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), updated in 2023, introduced metrics for evaluating bank performance, adapted to digital banking trends, and focused on expanding access to credit and banking services in low- and moderate-income communities. Much like cloud computing transformed computing capacity, utility ATM networks allow banks to band together and share ATM devices to reduce costs and meet regulatory requirements. This has led to greater numbers of conveniently located ATMs, increasing consumers' ability to conduct financial transactions. Globally, similar utility ATM network models are emerging; for example, in the U.K., where 1 in 8 bank branches closed in 2023, a public-private partnership is working to provide ATM services in banking hubs and retail locations in rural areas. If you represent a financial institution, you are likely becoming more strategic about providing self-service access to cash in response to these factors. In the U.S., there are two primary types of utility ATM networks. Understanding these types can help you determine which will be the best complement to your existing branches (in the case of traditional financial institutions) or which will work best as your physical presence for cash transactions (in the case of digitally focused neobanks). Shared networks are owned and operated by member financial institutions. Your customers and your competitors’ customers enjoy surcharge-free access to all the ATMs in the shared network, and the shared network participants contribute the ATMs that make up the network, so you have the advantage of there being no extra operational cost to your bank beyond its existing ATM network devices. This can allow you to offer customers ATM access at a wide variety of bank and credit union branch locations. However, keep in mind that shared ATM networks are located at competing branches, which can lead to customer attrition as they are exposed to competitors’ marketing. Independent networks, owned by nonbank ATM deployers, also offer consumers surcharge-free access to cash and financial transactions. Independent network ATMs are located at convenient nonbank locations like retail stores; however, some consumers may still prefer using ATM devices at a bank branch. Third-party deployers maintain these ATMs, which relieves banks of operational costs but at the same time makes it critical to select a trusted third-party deployer partner that can deliver the experience your cardholders expect. (Full disclosure: My company offers these services, as do others.) In contrast to shared ATM networks, your bank does pay a fee to join the independent network. Neutrality is an advantage of independent ATM networks, as they do not require your cardholders to visit competitors ATMs. Many independent networks have a nationwide footprint, including overseas locations, and can customize the consumer experience to reflect a bank's brand. In summary, both shared and independent utility ATM networks can offer numerous benefits. Consider how you can position your institution's ATM services and utilize utility networks to best meet the needs of your community and customers as the financial landscape continues to evolve.  Forbes Business Council is the foremost growth and networking organization for business owners and leaders. Do I qualify? Full Article:By Nathan Beckord Becoming a fund manager isn’t something you do for a year or two; it’s the long game.  So you want to manage a VC fund. The first question Samir Kaji wants to ask you is Are you sure? It’s not a statement meant to gatekeep VC, but rather to acknowledge the difficulties that come with starting out in venture capital. Seasons come and go where it becomes in vogue to be a fund manager. As much as it might look like a “get rich quick” scheme when the market is hot, it’s really a “get rich slowly over time if you put in the work” plan. Samir has seen several such seasons. After 22 years in venture banking, he founded Allocate, a private markets company that makes it easier for investors to responsibly invest in VC. Allocate’s tools for fund managers streamline the multiple admin portals and interpret data to make understanding your portfolio’s performance simpler. With his finger on the pulse of what starting VCs need to know, Samir shared with us a six-point plan for how to raise a VC fund. Before you raise your first VC fund, Samir finds it important to determine whether you’re a first-time fund or a first-time fund manager. For the former, often an individual will leave a large financial institution to manage their own fund. Because of their relationships and connections, these people will have an easier time raising their first fund. Much of Samir’s advice is for the latter category: first-time fund managers. These are accredited investors who haven’t necessarily managed a fund in the past. They might not have years of experience at a financial institution, but rather a deep knowledge or interest in a specific industry (more on that later). While raising a first-time fund is more challenging for a first-time fund manager, it’s not impossible—as long as you maintain a grip on reality. Becoming a fund manager isn’t something you jump into and do for a year or two; it’s the long game. “It's not that glamorous,” Samir says. “Do you really want to be, effectively, a money manager? And do you want to do this for 20 or 30 years? That's the opportunity cost.” And it’s not a matter of being one and done. An institutional investor is going to be looking for staying power, and not someone who’s just doing one fund and bowing out. As a successful VC, you’ll have multiple funds in your portfolio, and that will be a signal to investors that you’re in it for the long haul. Trends will come and go, but you need to figure out the niche that appeals most to you. It could be an industry that plays to your specific knowledge or skill set, or your unique strengths. “It doesn't matter what other people are doing or where the hot areas are,” Samir shares. “You have a unique thesis when it comes to sourcing, picking, winning, and helping companies. That's where you have to lean into.” For example, crypto might be hot at the moment, but if you’re a manufacturing expert, consider making that your niche. Emerging VC managers might sweat how big their first fund is, but Samir doesn’t think that should be the focus. Most first funds are less than $10 million. It’s better to have a smaller fund, deploy it, and come back to the market with a success story than to wait for the perfect big fund ship to come in. “Similar to a company, the seed round is always the smallest turn,” he says. “Then you raise a bigger Series A and Series B, as long as it gives you enough capital to sustain yourself.” Samir boils it down to this advice: “Stay small, stay authentic.” So, who do you even ask to contribute to your first fund? The first place to look is in your inner circle: friends and family. Then, expand to other contacts in the industry who might be looking to capitalize on their knowledge of the market trends. It’s even better if you can find some GPs that specialize in your industry. “Funds that are larger will invest in emerging managers as a way to gather deal flow and be a support chat,” Samir explains. The more GPs and funds that support you, the more momentum you’ll get, obtaining intros to other connections. There are also conferences, like Raise, where you can meet lots of interested investors. And don’t underestimate what flexing your knowledge on X (formerly Twitter) or LinkedIn can do to increase your visibility. Establishing yourself as an authority on the industry will build faith in your abilities as a fund manager. More from AllBusiness: Samir gives an example: If you’re raising an $8 million fund, and you have $4 million, you don’t have to close the round before you start deploying funds. You can do a first class of the fund and start doing deals to get traction and proof of concept. That's because it’s better to get going than to wait for the perfect moment or dollar amount to come in. Anyone who’s been considering investing will appreciate the work you’re putting in. How long can a first-time fund manager expect the first round to take? Samir says six to 12 months. Why? The first raise is always the hardest for most people. Since you don’t have an established reputation, you have stiff competition in the form of other funds and other asset classes. “You should always think about six to 12 months, because most people right now don't have money burning a hole in their pocket to invest,” he explains. “So it's not just getting somebody to like you, but why are they going to invest in you?” Samir says if 2024 appears to be a bad time to join the market because of political, geopolitical, and other types of unpredictability, it may not be as bad as it looks. “All of that is working as headwinds, but I will say that there is capital out there," he says. "There are people that believe, I think correctly, that this time is one of the most interesting times we've seen to invest in the asset category." The key? Show that you’re the right manager for the category. If you are seen as uniquely positioned to succeed in your category, people will believe in you. Samir also follows Warren Buffett’s classic advice: “Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.” In other words, even though the market is not now as hot as it was in 2021, it can still be a good time to get off the ground. And with Samir’s tips in hand, you’ll have a jump start on getting a leg up. Article is based on an interview between Nathan Beckord and Samir Kaji on an episode of Foundersuite's How I Raised It podcast. About the Author Nathan Beckord is the CEO of Foundersuite.com, which makes software for startups raising capital. Nathan is also the CEO of Fundingstack.com, which is a new platform for VCs and investment bankers to both raise capital and assist clients and portfolio companies. Users of these platforms have raised over $9.7 billion since 2016. RELATED: 3 Tips for Working With Celebrity Investors From a Luxury Startup Founder  One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts.  Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space. In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil. Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain: User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in: So, how can you be a power user? Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service

Full Article:American Jane Bertch pivoted from a London career in banking to owning a Paris cooking school. Her ... [+] journey offers tips for any career pivot. Chicagoan Jane Bertch is the ultimate example of a career pivot, transitioning from a career in banking to owning a destination cooking school in Paris. Initially she went into finance so that she could live in New York City. Instead, she was assigned to Tampa. She eventually made her way to London, still fully immersed in finance, and then transferred to Paris, when the losses of loved ones motivated her to pause and decide whether a life pivot was in order. Bertch went on to create experiences for English speakers as owner of La Cuisine Paris. Students come away knowing how to make iconic French foods like croissants or macarons, those tiny colorful sandwich cookies, during single session cooking and baking classes. People learn skills they can use at home, but Bertch understands she really serves up memories for people seeking to elevate their Paris visit. Whether you’re ready for a dramatic life change, or perhaps want to switch up your career, or start a side hustle, Bertch’s approach can help you embrace the adventure of stepping into the unknown. Bertch’s book The French Ingredient: Making A Life In Paris One Lesson At A Time describes how she navigates the complexity of French culture, in addition to the bureaucracy of French business, to find her place in Paris that includes a thriving business. “When you are nothing, you have the chance to become anything,” Bertch told CBS Saturday Morning. This is particularly meaningful in Paris, where many people who work together also attended the same primary school, have the same friends and speak a secret language based on everyone knowing each other for so long. As the anomaly in this scenario, Bertch said “I was able to get away with things that a Parisian might not be able to pull off.” The first big play was leaving her finance job in the first place. Bertch learned that Parisians choose a career at a young age and are expected to stick with it, no matter how soul-deflating it becomes. As an American, she was able to buck the expectation that she do the same. Moved to create more adventure in her life, and with a beginner’s mindset, Bertch set out to navigate the complex journey of establishing a business in France. Her tips can serve anyone contemplating a career pivot, whether or not they move to Paris. Bertch tells people it’s ok to pursue a business or project that is not a lifelong dream. She observed that some people hesitate to take action because they believe they haven’t yet found their passion or don’t know how to share their dream. Instead, she recommends people focus on vision. “A vision, to me, is something I’m creating for others, and I want to execute it well,” she said. This outward-focused service of others is probably the key to her almost-20 years of success. “Make sure you know who you’re sharing that vision with,” she adds, signalling her grasp of the marketing concept that mandates understanding your audience. This knowledge of what your audience needs and wants will put you in a place to soar. “It’s like a wave in the ocean and you need to be ready to ride it. Because things can change direction at any point. Visions need to be flexible and nimble,” she said, adding that “a dream you can keep to yourself.” Bertch references the Rumi quote “sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment” and goes on to say “I’m in a great position when I know nothing.” That standpoint of curiosity and fresh eyes positioned Bertch to start something new, particularly in an age where people believe they need to know all the answers. At the same time, she advocates for the idea that people should have confident in the skills they bring. “It’s complete poppycock to believe you don’t have the skills. You have plenty of skills,” she said. “Your skills will complement the new skills you’re willing and ready to learn.” Bertch also advocates finding both a mentor and a role model to emulate along your journey. “For a mentor, you want a safe person you can talk about your crazy ideas with,” said Bertch. And for a role model, it can be someone of any age or experience. Your role model doesn’t have to be older or more experienced than you. These people, and others who can advise and inspire you, can keep you going when complex paperwork or project delays make you feel stuck. Because Bertch didn’t know the French “rules,” she was able to break them. The French culture is more formal and hierarchical than in the U.S., and Bertch discovered that she didn’t have to follow those codes. She talks about how French people give a little smile while being questioned about how she might move her work forward. Your own difference can help you navigate challenges as you cultivate new skills, establish new relationships and chart your course to a new career. Bertch guided her business through steep challenges that included a global pandemic, citywide strikes and shortages of essential ingredients like butter and mustard. Through it all, her spirit of curiosity and exploration saw her through where other entrepreneurs may have returned to banking. Bertch learned other lessons, many focused on how to integrate into French culture. For example, never pour the wine unless you are the host, because it implies that the host is neglecting their responsibilities. Always arrive 15 minutes late when invited to someone’s home as a courtesy to the host, who might need to take care of last-minute details. And tell the cheese monger when you will be eating the cheese, who will select a cheese with the correct ripeness for the best cheese-enjoying experience. Whether you’re searching for inspiration for your next career pivot, or want to follow along with someone navigating the challenges of entrepreneurship, The French Ingredient gives inspiring anecdotes and actionable advice.  One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts.  Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space. In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil. Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain: User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in: So, how can you be a power user? Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.Full Article:As the 2024 U.S. presidential election continues to near, voters are just 
one week away from the election season's lone vice... Gov. Tim Walz explains his proposals on a child tax cut plan during the CBS 
News Vice Presidential Debate. (Courtesy: CBS News) Though mass deportation of immigrants in the country illegally has been a 
central talking point of Donald Trump's 2024 campaign, on the... Students at Sacramento State watched the Vice Presidential debate﻿ on 
Tuesday night from a classroom on campus as part of the school's... It's a well-known secret that inkjet ink is being kept at artificially high 
prices, which is why many opt to forego 'genuine' manufacturer... Today, U.S. forces in the Middle East intercepted multiple missiles launched by Iran toward Israel, as we fulfilled our commitment to... Veszprem HC returned to the final of the IHF Men's Club World Championship for the first time in nine years, after a dramatic win in the... Both look fantastic, and this could turn into a Pokémon-style situation where collectors aim to grab both. Currently, Amazon has the... Israeli officials tell Axios Israel will launch a "significant retaliation" to Iran's massive missile attack within days. Two hundred people including 52 speakers attended our 2024 Bike, Walk, Roll Summit in Tacoma from Sept. 11-13.From cycle highways to... Amos starred as the family patriarch on the hit 1970s sitcom “Good Times" and earned an Emmy nomination for his role in the seminal 1977... Fernando Tatis Jr. sent the Petco Park crowd into a frenzy with a towering two-run homer on his first playoff swing in four years as the... A shooting incident has taken place in Tel Aviv in Israel, according to a statement from the Israeli Police Spokesperson's Unit. Taco Bell, Taco Cabana and Chuy's are just some of the places you'll find deals this National Taco Day on Tuesday, Oct. 1. Armed conflicts and attacks
 Armed conflicts and attacks
 Business and economy
 Disasters and accidents
 Law and crime
 Politics and elections
 
Full Article:
    Capital One's checking account bonus is pretty easy to earn. Here's how to do it.
   If you want a new checking account, Capital One's welcome bonus is easy to earn. If you're looking for a new checking account with no monthly maintenance fees and no minimum deposit requirements, Capital One offers a great option. This bank's 360 Checking account even earns a little bit of interest -- and right now it offers a $250 bonus. Checking accounts don't get as much attention as savings accounts, CDs and money market accounts in the current rate environment, but most of us rely on these accounts for everyday transactions. When it comes to finding the right checking account, it's important to choose one with no fees, easy access, convenient banking features and perhaps even a competitive annual percentage yield. A sign-up bonus is a cherry on top -- if all the other features check out.  Here's everything you need to know about Capital One's 360 Checking bonus offer, what you need to do to get it and what to keep in mind before committing. Capital One is offering a $250 bonus when you open a new 360 Checking account after Aug. 22, 2024. You aren't eligible for the bonus if you already have or have opened a 360 Checking, Simply Checking, Total Control Checking account as a primary or secondary account holder on or after Jan. 1, 2022.  To earn the new account bonus, you'll enter the promo code CHECKING250 in the Promo Code box when opening the account. You must also set up and receive at least two qualifying direct deposits, of at least $500 each, within the first 75 days of opening the account. A qualifying direct deposit includes regular periodic payments, such as a salary; pension and government payments like Social Security; or other monthly income from an employer that processes as an Automated Clearing House or real-time payment network credit on your checking account.   If you meet the listed requirements and eligibility criteria, the bonus will be directly deposited into your account within 60 days after your second qualifying direct deposit posts to your account.  Keep in mind that bank account bonuses are considered income by the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, so the amount of your bonus will be reported on a 1099-INT form. Capital One is one of the 10 biggest US banks based on consolidated assets, according to the Federal Reserve's most recent data. But unlike the checking accounts offered by most other big banks, Capital One's 360 Checking account doesn't have a minimum deposit requirement or a monthly maintenance fee, and it offers 0.10% APY on all balances. Though that isn't as high as the APYs offered by some dedicated high-yield checking accounts, you get the benefit of banking with a large, established institution with physical branches (and cafes) to manage your money nationwide. Capital One also has a network of over 70,000 ATMs where you can withdraw or deposit money fee-free. Additionally, you can deposit cash into your account at select Target, Walgreens and CVS stores.   Capital One doesn't charge overdraft or nonsufficient funds fees, and there are no fees for overdraft protection. You can opt for auto-decline, which enables Capital One to decline any transactions that would overdraw your account, or an automatic transfer from a linked savings or money market account.  However, there are a few banking services that do come with charges, including cashier's checks, outgoing wire transfers and additional printed checks. But you can receive your first checkbook for free through your online checking account.  If you want a greater return on your cash, Capital One also offers a high-yield savings account that earns 4.25% APY, winning it a place in our top picks for best savings accounts. A cash bonus can be appealing if you're in the market for a new bank account, but there are a few things you should keep in mind before committing to a new account. Here's what you should know: Free money is free money, but is earning a bank account bonus really worth it? If you're already shopping around for a new checking account, a cash bonus might just be the icing on the cake. But you shouldn't necessarily open a checking account simply for its sign-up bonus. You should also consider the monthly fees associated with the account and the requirements to earn the bonus. If you get stuck with a checking account with sky-high maintenance fees and a restrictive cancellation policy, it could wipe out any gains you might earn from the sign-up bonus. Similarly, it would be a waste to go to all the effort to sign up for a new account, only to find you aren't eligible for the bonus or can't complete the required activities to get it.  Read more: What Do High Schoolers Know About Personal Finance? Not Enough
Full Article:
Last chance:  Secure your pass for the Digiday Media Buying Summit | Oct. 15-17
 
Last chance:  Secure your pass for the Digiday Media Buying Summit | Oct. 15-17
 Subscribe: Apple Podcasts • Stitcher • Spotify The retail media network space is shaping up to be a competitive one. With countless retailers vying for ad dollars, which retailer gets the bulk of said dollars depends on size and scale. With an expansive brick-and-mortar footprint in the U.S., size and scale are what Sam’s Club Member Access Platform (MAP), the company’s retail access and ad platform, is banking on to draw in advertisers. In this episode of the Digiday Podcast, Ryan Burns, head of strategy at Sam’s Club Member Access Platform, talks about Sam’s Club’s pitch to advertisers, standing out in a crowded retail media landscape and plans to continue growth. Below are highlights from the conversation, which have been lightly edited and condensed for clarity. I would say it’s a couple of things. No. 1, for sure, is we start with our members in member obsession. And that’s something that’s really unique in this space. We’re not just trying to be another advertising network out there. We are really honed in and focused on how can we provide the most valuable and additive ads experiences for our members, whether they’re shopping with us on-site in-club or even being able to reach them off-site? That’s No. 1. No. 2, and what really makes us differentiated when you look at the market broadly, is the fact that we are a membership model company. So we have the ability to attribute 100% of interactions with members back to them. I think the most interesting and probably the place where we add even more significant value is on-site plus off-site. But we also have a 600-club footprint in the United States. So we can meet our members in the club as well and we have a variety of ways of doing that. Think about putting up stands in a parking lot, having samples and demos in the club. That blend is the powerful proposition we have. Again, all of that being grounded in our first-party member data that is 100% attributable, even to the point where we can attribute in-club sales back to search ads online. That’s the way I walk [into a pitch meeting]. We want to press more into those national opportunities because we have 600 clubs across the country. We have members shopping with us who are 50% digitally engaged, which is an extraordinarily high number in retail. So we know we have great reach online as well with our e-commerce offering. … That’s a great opportunity for a brand marker, whether you’re at an agency or at a supplier, to look and say, “How can I create reach [shoppers]? How can I create awareness?” Although marketers are already spending millions of dollars inside Roblox, the bulk of that spending goes to in-game studios building branded worlds, rather than directly to the platform itself. Programmatic ads represent a more straightforward revenue stream for Roblox. Digiday+ Research analyzed how CPG startups are using pop-ups as part of their marketing strategies to test new markets and expand their reach. To understand the process behind a brand comeback, Digiday asked four marketing and advertising executives about the typical steps a brand needs to take to mount a comeback. Get access to tools and analysis to stay ahead of the trends transforming media and marketing Visit your account page to make changes and renew. Get Digiday's top stories every morning in your email inbox. Follow @Digiday for the latest news, insider access to events and more.Full Article:Pursuing a Master of Business Administration (MBA) can be a powerful investment for career development. Choosing the right program is a personal choice and can depend on many factors. Some individuals may want to focus on building a strong professional network, while others might be looking to advance their career and reach the C-suite. Ultimately, the outcome and experience comes down to what someone values most in their MBA journey.  An MBA continues to open doors and gives some individuals professional growth in today’s competitive job market, according to LinkedIn’s annual report of top MBA programs.  The rankings list, which features 100 MBA programs around the world, found that the degree is far from outdated. Since 2010, there’s been a 25% global rise in senior leaders with MBAs. Meanwhile, entrepreneurs with the degree have surged by 45% during that same timeframe. North America and Latin America lead the way in MBA programs, with 58 making the list. Meanwhile, 29 programs from Europe and the Middle East are included, and only 13 from Asia. Notably, LinkedIn takes into account specific factors like social responsibility and artificial intelligence (AI), noting that with the rapid rise, “employers worldwide have had to adapt to thrive.”  To compile the rankings list, LinkedIn used its own data to evaluate full-time MBA programs across five key areas: job placement and demand, career advancement, network strength, leadership potential, and gender diversity. The platform’s data focused on recent graduates from 2019-2023 to measure job outcomes, promotions, and alumni connections. LinkedIn said it also assessed how well alumni advance to senior roles, their network quality, and overall gender parity.  Only full-time MBA programs that are accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) or EQUIS, a business school accreditation system, were included. The programs needed to have at least 1,500 total alumni to be considered.  Let’s take a look at the top 10 U.S. MBA programs, including their most common job titles, the top locations graduates are most likely to work, and their standout pillars (if they’re included)Full Article:Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue.

Full Article:Has this ever happened to you? You’re playing Visions Of Mana, learning to swing your sword around, wondering why Val seems okay with sacrificing his girlfriend, and then BAM! Level 53 enemies!? At this time of year, at this time of day, in this part of the country, localized entirely outside of Tianeea village!? Where in Fa’diel did these high-level ruins come from? Order Visions of Mana: Amazon | Best Buy | Humble Bundle If you’ve ever played an open-world RPG before, you probably guessed how to deal with these ruins: With patience. There are eight ruins located across the open field areas of Visions of Mana, and you don’t want to take these on the minute you see them. Instead, you’ll want to return to these places once you’ve leveled up and can defeat the monsters inside. Visions of Mana fortunately doesn’t have any missable content, so you can wait until you’re good and ready to hit these optional areas. Of course, this presents more questions than answers. What is the purpose of these ruins? Why are so many strong monsters guarding them? Will my editor forgive me for not thinking of a third question? (You’re fired—Guides Ed.) Read on to unravel the secrets behind at least two of those questions below. As you progress through the game, you can mostly ignore the ruins you find until you accept the Traces of the Ancients quest in Illystana. This quest will task you with finding all eight ruins before you can report back to the quest giver. Note that this quest is not retroactive. Ruins you passed by before will need to be revisited, and you won’t be able to tell which specific ruins you have or haven’t visited. The quest will only tally how many ruins you’ve visited in total. Fortunately, all you have to do is step foot near the ruins and watch the short cutscene play that gives you the name of the location. You don’t actually need to step inside after this point, especially if you don’t want to anger any dangerous enemies. You’ll keep uncovering new ruins after your stay in Illystana, so this isn’t a quest you can complete right away. After you complete Traces of the Ancients, you’ll receive the Nemesis Takedown quest. This is where things get tricky. You’ll have to go back to each ruin and fight through all the groups of high-level enemies inside. For every group you defeat, a torch will light up, which will eventually unlock a secret area where a Nemesis monster lurks. These Nemeses will have a few lackeys by their side, so make sure you can deal strong single-target and AoE damage. Strategies for each Nemesis will change, but as long as you can exploit elemental weaknesses and use buffs and debuffs to bolster your defenses, you should fare well. Defeating each nemesis will unlock one of eight powerful endgame weapons for you to use. These easily rank as some of the best equipment in the entire game, so the reward is well worth the effort. As an aside, Nemesis Takedown progress is retroactive. Any fights you happen to beat before accepting the quest will remain defeated and count towards your overall quest completion. If you’re looking to clean up either of the aforementioned quests, or you’re wondering if there’s a specific weapon you want to hunt down first, below you’ll find where you can find each ruin and the weapons they hide inside. Charred Passage: Mortal Twiliance - Spear, Val Aery Passage: Mystic Revelunge - Spear, Careena Lefeya Drifts: Mystic Ragevise - Fist, Careena Fallow Steppe: Etherial Shiftcane - Cane, Morrley Pritta Ridge: Spirit Acriscythe - Scythe, Palamena Ahrvet’s Pasture: Spirit Treadstep - Boot, Palamena Khaswia Moors: Arboreal Paraquell - Umbrella, Julei Zawhak Desert: Arborial Blossomer - Hammer, Julei Additionally, the Traces of the Ancients quest will award you with 2,200 Lucre, 3 Parpoto Oils (heals the party for 250 HP each), and the Lucent Beam Ability Seed (a mid-level light magic spell). Nemesis Takedown will give the Respect for the Ancients Ability Seed, which increases the damage of normal attacks by 30 percent in exchange for 3 percent of your HP. “Normal attacks” refer to your basic attacks and not your heavy or special attacks, so make sure you only give this to a character who can make good use of it. Obviously, these ruins are designed to be completed near the end of the game (around chapter seven or eight). However, it’s absolutely possible to complete them as low as level 30, even on Hard Mode. If you’re up for the challenge and aren’t afraid to die a few times, here’s the party composition that worked for me. Edelfrei. Having a dedicated tank doesn’t seem like it’d help that much at first. However, armed with the Provoke Ability Seed, enemies will tend to get confused in their AI and won’t necessarily rush at the rest of your party and pick up quick kills. I like the Dryad-driven Edelfrei class because the healing from the wood elemental vessel gives Val some natural HP regen, assuming he can tank a hit or two. You may also consider the Paladin class if you can effectively keep Val shielded, especially if you get the Mortal Twiliance first. Divine Fist. Class strikes are ridiculously powerful in Visions of Mana, and the Divine Fist class ignores a chunk of your enemies’ Defense stat whenever she uses one. This helps out a lot against these otherwise bulky enemies, since even a level 30 Careena with Ability Seeds that amplify class strike damage can take out a massive chunk of these level 50+ enemy health bars. What’s more, the class strike gauge fills whenever your party takes damage, even if it’s from a killing blow. If the enemies are one-shotting your party, you’ll quickly have another class strike to use as a counter attack. Remember to bring lots of Cups of Wishes! If you need more support, you may consider using Julei with the Hunter class as your class strike user instead. However, I have not tested the damage potential Julei has here, so your mileage may vary. Nightblade. Just a ridiculously powerful class overall, and probably the best class to play throughout the majority of Visions of Mana. A 20 percent boost to Critical Hit damage and a 70 percent boost to Critical Hit rate is bonkers, especially since you can equip Ability Seeds to further strengthen that damage and make that Crit Rate effectively one hundred percent. Morley attacks so fast that he can potentially stunlock enemies, and the Moon elemental vessel gives Morley yet another form of crowd control. Even if he starts out inflicting insignificant damage, the right combination of buffs and debuffs should let Morley inflict damage way above his pay grade. From here, you don’t need to make any dramatic changes in terms of battle strategy. Each fight has similar mechanics to any other overworld fight you might encounter, albeit against high level monsters. Some enemies will resist Fire and other elements you may have been banking on, so you’ll either want to swap in different party members or save those fights for last. Underleveled players can and will burn through their items during these fights, but Lucre is fortunately abundant enough that this shouldn’t be an issue. Otherwise, just make sure to charge your class strike gauge before each battle so you can inflict a lot of damage right out the gate. Elemental breaks also help a lot too! If you are taking these fights on at low levels, note that you’ll get a lot of experience from each group you clear. I strongly suggest using any EXP-boosting items as you complete these battles to maximize your gains. Good luck battling these baddies! Order Visions of Mana: Amazon | Best Buy | Humble Bundle .

Full Article:ICBC has until tomorrow to act 
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.
 The London branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) has suffered a ransomware attack that saw the hackers make off with plenty of sensitive data. A report from The Register, citing an announcement posted on the threat actor’s data leak site, says ICBC has until September 13 to pay the ransom demand or witness its data leaking. The ransomware attack on ICBC's London branch was carried out by a group known as Hunters International, who claim to have stolen 5.2 million files - equivalent to 6.6 TB of sensitive data. For those with shorter memory, Hunters International might sound like a relatively new entrant in the game of ransomware. However, some experts claim it is actually a rebrand of the infamous Hive ransomware, which was one of the largest and most dangerous groups of its tim, until it was dismantled by the FBI in July 2022, when the law enforcement successfully infiltrated the collective and obtained decryption keys. Hunters International emerged roughly a year ago, as a threat actor that focuses more on data exfiltration, and less on system encryption. Some researchers argue that building, maintaining, and deploying encryptors is too cumbersome, and that simply stealing files is as lucrative. ICBC is the largest bank in the world by total assets and market capitalization. It is owned by the Chinese state and is a key player in the country’s financial system. The bank provides a wide range of services such as corporate and personal banking, wealth management, and investment banking. ICBC has a vast global presence with branches and subsidiaries in major financial centers around the world. As such, it plays a major role in financing infrastructure projects both within China and internationally. So far, the bank has not yet responded to any requests for comment, nor has it said anything about the incident. Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed! Via The Register Sead is a seasoned freelance journalist based in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. He writes about IT (cloud, IoT, 5G, VPN) and cybersecurity (ransomware, data breaches, laws and regulations). In his career, spanning more than a decade, he’s written for numerous media outlets, including Al Jazeera Balkans. He’s also held several modules on content writing for Represent Communications. Docker API targeted by cryptojacking campaign looking to build mega botnet What are the differences between PrivadoVPN's paid and free versions? Western Digital WD Red Pro 24TB review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. ©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. 

Full Article:
AAPL: 224.61 ( -1.6 )								 
									Copyright © 2024 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Moscow at night [Evgenit/Pixabay] Despite the iPhone 16 range being priced far higher than in the West, consumers in Russia are keen to secure the latest model of iPhone, with preorders up 15% year-on-year. The iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Pro are now available, and consumers around the world are checking out Apple's latest smartphone creations. While demand is believed to be high in general for the iPhone 16 generation, it appears that demand in Russia continues to be strong despite a massive pricing disparity. 
According to a retailer speaking to Reuters on Friday, demand for the iPhone 16 continues to be significant. Preorders for the iPhone 16 generation were apparently 15% higher than the iPhone 15 counterparts, a spokesperson for electronics retailer Restore advised. 
This, despite the pricing of iPhones in the territory being considerably more expensive than prices in the United States. 

iPhone 16: Apple's iPhone 16 is powered by the A18 chip and is built for Apple Intelligence.
Buy at AT&T
Buy at Verizon
Buy at Amazon
 The sales in Russia are more challenging to make than in the West. This mostly down to Apple ceasing sales in Russia since March 2022, prompted by the invasion of Ukraine. 
Despite the withdrawal of Apple from Russia, iPhones are still being imported into the country without Apple's involvement. With the authorization of "parallel" imports in Russia without requiring permission from manufacturers, retailers have been importing units from other countries. 
Shipments of iPhones are secured in Turkey, China, India, and other former Soviet states that have not placed sanctions against Moscow, which are then imported to Russia. 
This permitted grey market activity has a byproduct on the price. With iPhones sold in Russia for at least 50% more than Western retailers, this is another obstacle to consumers buying the models, yet the sales continue. 
The 128GB iPhone 16 starts at 112,999 roubles ($1,225), over $400 more than the $799 U.S. pricing. Meanwhile the iPhone 16 Pro Max with 1TB of storage can cost Russian consumers 249,999 roubles ($2,710), versus the U.S. price of just $1,599. 
Aside from iPhone import issues, users in Russia have had a hard time using their devices after Apple pulled out of the country. Apple has also pulled payment facilities using Apple Pay, as well as banking apps and other software from the App Store. 
At the same time, the Russian government has gone after Apple in various ways, including accusations it is helping the U.S. spy on the country's users. The fears are supposedly great enough that the Russian Federal Security Service ordered thousands of officials to stop using iPhones and Apple products.  The iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Pro are now available, and consumers around the world are checking out Apple's latest smartphone creations. While demand is believed to be high in general for the iPhone 16 generation, it appears that demand in Russia continues to be strong despite a massive pricing disparity. 
 According to a retailer speaking to Reuters on Friday, demand for the iPhone 16 continues to be significant. Preorders for the iPhone 16 generation were apparently 15% higher than the iPhone 15 counterparts, a spokesperson for electronics retailer Restore advised. 
 This, despite the pricing of iPhones in the territory being considerably more expensive than prices in the United States. 
 The sales in Russia are more challenging to make than in the West. This mostly down to Apple ceasing sales in Russia since March 2022, prompted by the invasion of Ukraine. 
 Despite the withdrawal of Apple from Russia, iPhones are still being imported into the country without Apple's involvement. With the authorization of "parallel" imports in Russia without requiring permission from manufacturers, retailers have been importing units from other countries. 
 Shipments of iPhones are secured in Turkey, China, India, and other former Soviet states that have not placed sanctions against Moscow, which are then imported to Russia. 
 This permitted grey market activity has a byproduct on the price. With iPhones sold in Russia for at least 50% more than Western retailers, this is another obstacle to consumers buying the models, yet the sales continue. 
 The 128GB iPhone 16 starts at 112,999 roubles ($1,225), over $400 more than the $799 U.S. pricing. Meanwhile the iPhone 16 Pro Max with 1TB of storage can cost Russian consumers 249,999 roubles ($2,710), versus the U.S. price of just $1,599. 
 Aside from iPhone import issues, users in Russia have had a hard time using their devices after Apple pulled out of the country. Apple has also pulled payment facilities using Apple Pay, as well as banking apps and other software from the App Store. 
 At the same time, the Russian government has gone after Apple in various ways, including accusations it is helping the U.S. spy on the country's users. The fears are supposedly great enough that the Russian Federal Security Service ordered thousands of officials to stop using iPhones and Apple products.  Based in South Wales, Malcolm Owen has written about tech since 2012, and previously wrote for Electronista and MacNN. In his downtime, he pursues photography, has an interest in magic tricks, and is bothered by his c... Now that the EU's ruling on Apple's back taxes in Ireland is final, the country's government says the $14 billion could be "transformational." Writer/director Jon Watts's "Wolfs," starring Brad Pitt and George Clooney, had the most successful opening weekend of any Apple TV+ movie since the streamer's start in 2019. The Quntis RGB Pro+ is a monitor light that puts a spotlight on productivity with a flare of color. Adobe has unveiled the latest versions of Photoshop Elements and Premiere Elements, with plenty of AI-powered tools to help make editing even easier. Despite a lack of first-party YouTube clients on Apple Vision Pro, YouTube has prompted Apple to remove Juno from the App Store, citing vague guideline violations. The rumored update to the iPhone SE is getting closer to production, with it possibly joined by a new iPad Air early in 2025. Google thought Apple adopting RCS would fix everything, but the messaging protocol is still a distant second to iMessage thanks to a lack of carrier support, device support, and encryption. New microphotography of the A18 and A18 Pro chips reveal the inner workings of the iPhone 16 line's chips, as well as confirming Apple isn't using chip binning right now. The rumored update to the iPhone SE is getting closer to production, with it possibly joined by a new iPad Air early in 2025. Google thought Apple adopting RCS would fix everything, but the messaging protocol is still a distant second to iMessage thanks to a lack of carrier support, device support, and encryption. New microphotography of the A18 and A18 Pro chips reveal the inner workings of the iPhone 16 line's chips, as well as confirming Apple isn't using chip binning right now. Full Article:Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue.

Full Article:
PITTSBURGH — Kamala Harris and Donald Trump are veering sharply in how they gear up for Tuesday's presidential debate, setting up a showdown that reflects not just two separate visions for the country but two politicians who approach big moments very differently. The vice president is cloistered in a historic hotel in downtown Pittsburgh where she can focus on honing crisp two-minute answers, per the debate's rules. She's been working with aides since Thursday and chose a venue that allows the Democratic nominee the option of mingling with swing-state voters. Trump, the Republican nominee, publicly dismisses the value of studying for the debate. The former president is choosing instead to fill his days with campaign-related events on the premise that he'll know what he needs to do once he steps on the debate stage at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia. “You can go in with all the strategy you want but you have to sort of feel it out as the debate’s taking place,” he said during a town hall with Fox News host Sean Hannity. Trump then quoted former boxing great Mike Tyson, who said, “Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.” Harris has said she is prepared for Trump to rattle off insults and misrepresent facts, even as her campaign has seen value in focusing on the middle class and the prospects of a better future for the country. “We should be prepared for the fact that he is not burdened by telling the truth,” Harris said in a radio interview for the Rickey Smiley Morning Show. “He tends to fight for himself, not for the American people, and I think that’s going to come out during the course of the debate." In her own preparation, Harris has the Democratic consultant Philippe Reines, a longtime aide to Hillary Clinton, portraying Trump. She likes to describe Trump as having a “playbook” of falsehoods to go after Democrats such as Clinton and former President Barack Obama. Harris has said she understands Trump on a deeper psychological level. She has tried in speeches like her remarks at the Democratic National Convention to show that she would be a stronger leader than him — an argument that gets at Trump's own desire to project and show strength. Trump's June 27 debate against President Joe Biden shook up the election, with Biden's disastrous performance ultimately leading to him stepping aside as the Democratic nominee and endorsing Harris. Both campaigns know the first in-person meeting between Harris and Trump could be a decisive event in a tight race. Trump is preemptively criticizing the ABC News debate moderators, claiming he will not be treated fairly. But he said he plans to let Harris speak, just as he did during his debate with Biden. “I let him talk. I’m gonna let her talk,” he said during the Hannity town hall. Trump aides said that this time would be no different than the previous debate and that the former president would not be doing any more traditional prep. There are no stand-ins, no sets, no play-acting. Instead, they point to Trump’s frequent interviews, including taking questions at lengthy press conferences, sitting for hourlong podcasts, and participating in town halls with friendly hosts like Hannity. Trump also meets regularly with policy advisers who are experts on issues that may come up during the debate. During these informal sessions, they talk about the issues, Trump’s policies while he was in office, and the plans he’s put forth for a second term. “I have meetings on it. We talk about it. But there’s not a lot you can do. You either know your subject or not. You either have good policy or not,” he said in a New Hampshire radio interview. Before the last debate Trump held sessions with notable Republicans like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who at the time was under consideration to be Trump’s vice presidential pick. This time he has held sessions with Tulsi Gabbard, the former Democratic congresswoman and Democratic presidential candidate who is now backing Trump. Gabbard, who is also now a member of Trump’s transition team, was brought in specifically to help Trump this time around because she knows Harris, having debated her when the two were running for the Democratic nomination in 2020. She also hosted a recent town hall with Trump in Wisconsin. Trump, aides insist, intends to put Harris on the defensive. He wants to portray her as too liberal as he tries to tie her to Biden’s economic record and points out her reversals on issues such as a fracking ban that she no longer supports. “We look forward for the opportunity for Americans to see her on stage, incapable of defending her policies and flip-flops,” said Trump campaign spokeswoman Karoline Leavitt. “The president’s proven he has a command of the issues, she does not.” Harris' team is banking that Trump will come off as extreme and that they can use the debate as a springboard to further build on the momentum that her short campaign has generated. The campaign plans to use the pre-debate weekend to hold 2,000 events with volunteers and reach more than one million voters. “With hundreds of offices and thousands of staff across the battlegrounds, we are able to harness all the buzz around the debate and break through to hard-to-reach voters,” said Dan Kanninen, the campaign's battleground states director, in a statement. Contact us at letters@time.com

Full Article: Much of post World War II America has been premised on long term government backed loans for ... [+] single-family homes; after almost a century, it is time to start imagining a different economy and future. I’ve become a skeptic of “homeownership” through mortgage financing. I might be moving away from skepticism toward the system to becoming an abolitionist; as a recent article asks somewhat inelegantly, “What Are the Federal Home Loan Banks Even For?” Or, as one man said, “What the hell is even that?” We’re talking about the private banks that make loans or back them for homeownership, the federal home loan banking system which makes it possible for people earning tens of thousands of dollars per year to borrow hundreds of thousands for houses. The system, which grew up after World War II has arguably fueled many, many families gaining wealth, but it has also created bubbles, and worse, likely peaked as a viable way of creating transferable wealth. There has to be a better way. If you want a useful overview of “the system” as I’ll call it, you can start with An Overview of the Federal Home Loan Bank System done last year by the Federal Housing Finance Agency Office of Inspector General. The system was established by the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932 in the era of massive government investment in spending and debt to recover from the depression. The system is regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) and provides credit and cash to residential housing finance, community development organizations, and provides liquidity to more than 6,500 financial institutions. The way it works (and I’m simplifying to the point of error maybe) the 11 regional banks and the Office of Finance in the system issue debt for secured loans or advances to member institutions. In essence, when a family goes to buy a $350,000 house with decent credit and a small down payment, it is not a viable transaction. Why? Because if the family paid a reasonable portion of their income toward purchase, they simply couldn’t pay for it. And such a liability wouldn’t be approved by any bank. Don’t worry, the system says, make the loan for a 30-year period, we’ll back it; if it fails, we’ll clean it up with government funds. What’s wrong with this? Nothing. Except the system fits the dictionary definition of a Ponzi scheme, “an investment swindle in which some early investors are paid off with money put up by later ones in order to encourage more and bigger risks.” Commercial banks (the early investor) loan money to average consumers knowing there is no risk because they’ll be paid out (they sell the mortgages to the system) and the tax payers (the later ones) will have to absorb the losses if there are any. Of course, there will be no losses, the theory goes, because the system will just keep growing. We found out that can collapse (see my post, Must Watch: The Untold Story of the 2008 Financial Crisis). I wrote a post not that long ago that explained my problems with the “mortgage program;” long term mortgage debt creates incentives to resist new housing development, enslaves families to paying a mortgage every month, and depends on hyperinflation in the local housing market to push up values to exceed mortgage balances. Yes, if one is lucky enough to buy into a 30-year mortgage backed by the system at the bottom of hyperinflation, and has a long term, steady job that lasts for 20 years, maybe, the resale value of the asset will produce a windfall, something that can be passed on to a new generation. But at what cost in housing inflation, bad land use policy, and promotion of a sessile working class that doesn’t innovate because of their need to service mortgage debt? I’ll quote the conclusion of the American Action Forum post in its entirety and it is a post you simply must read. “We have been down this road before. Quasi-governmental and thinly capitalized housing finance titans engaging in mission creep to make ever-more risky forays into products and services both in and out of explicit congressional approval rarely ends well. At the end of the day, the American taxpayer will foot the bill. While increasing the supply of affordable housing is a laudable policy goal, the FHLB network is simply not the appropriate vehicle to meet these aims, and policymakers should not be calling for an expansion in the FHLBs’ role in any way. Instead, they should revoke the network’s charters entirely.” Agreed. It is time to wind down the system or at least begin talking about it. And the alternative could very well be publicly financed cooperatives that would use debt issued by government to finance construction with residents buying their equity in the project with regular debt service payments. This puts risk on government taxpayers, but interest rates would be much lower and would make equity ownership possible faster for more people. I described this in more detail in the post I linked above (Critique Of The Mortgage Program: Equity With Publicly Financed Coops). It is important to begin implementing this sort of cooperative for ownership as we would wind down the system. 
Full Article: PayPal on App Store displayed on a phone screen and PayPal logo displayed on a screen in the ... [+] background are seen in this illustration photo taken in Krakow, Poland on January 2, 2023. (Photo by Jakub Porzycki/NurPhoto via Getty Images) Fintech companies around the world are establishing new advertising ventures this year. Paypal launched PayPal Everywhere earlier in September, a product where users can collect rewards and use PayPal both in stores and online. Rewards and cashback are enticing to consumers, but the ability to individually target potential customers with offers and deals is attractive to advertisers. Back in May, PayPal announced that they had poached Uber’s Mark Grether to start its own advertising network. In advertising circles, Grether is known for helping jumpstart Uber’s advertising business and growing it into a behemoth that is set to make 1 billion dollars in revenue this year. PayPal is not alone in their advertising ambitions. In April, JPMorganChase announced Chase Media Solutions, which they claim will “enable advertisers to connect directly with the financial institution’s 80 million customers.” Revolut, the European fintech set to IPO at $45 billion next year, has also announced plans to launch an advertising business.Even X (formerly known as Twitter), which traditionally made its revenue from advertising, has been flirting with the idea of getting into payments and competing with financial companies. Why are these two worlds colliding? The answer: the modern advertising industry desperately needs data, and it’s running out of places to get it. They need to know the interests and demographics of consumers, but most crucially they need to know transactional data: who buys what, when, and why. This data fuels the machine learning models that are the foundation of modern digital marketing. Without it, online advertising cannot function efficiently. In the past few years advertisers have found it increasingly hard to get their hands on actionable transaction data. It is partly due to regulatory changes, such as General Data Protection Regulation in Europe, which have limited how advertisers can acquire, store and use this purchase data. But the trend of important tech platforms limiting what information is made available to outsiders is of greater consequence. Apple takes pride in implementing ‘privacy conscious’ policies designed to limit what information advertisers have access to. Even ad-fueled Facebook is sharing less and less information with their ad partners. In the words of advertising analyst and investor Eric Seufert, platforms like Apple, Facebook and Google are becoming walled gardens where data (and thus advertising dollars) are increasingly constrained to a single platform. At the same time, financial services companies are finding themselves sat upon a treasure trove of data that advertisers would find invaluable. Due to know-your-customer/anti-money laundering requirements, financial services companies have to know exactly who their customers are, where they live, how they make a living and sometimes even how much they have in savings. Indeed, financial services companies live under a very different regulatory regime. While non-financial companies are now forced to give users a real choice to “opt-out” from their data even being collected, financial services providers must collect this information by law. Non-financial companies are heavily scrutinized for what data they store about their customers and for how long, with companies being fined up to billions of dollars for keeping data for longer than they should. Meanwhile, financial companies have legally mandated record keeping requirements, which compel them to store data for up to a decade. With data on the advertising side becoming increasingly scarce (and potentially biased) and the data financial services companies hold becoming increasingly valuable, it is no wonder that financial services companies are moving into advertising. Nevertheless, financial services companies have numerous challenges to overcome before they can become advertising behemoths. One limitation seems to be scale: JP Morgan Chase is one of the largest banks in the world with 80 million customers, according to the company’s own statistics. On the other hand, Facebook claims to have 2.5 billion monthly active customers, several orders of magnitude more. Another limitation relates to how the data is spread across the fintech ecosystem. Your bank knows a lot about your financial life and your habits. They know what your salary is and that you spent 100 dollars at Walmart last week. But they do not know what brand of yoghurt you bought. Visa and MasterCard have a wide breadth of data, but they lack depth. Stripe knows what items you bought online using their checkout, but their data often relies on messy user input and they may not know much more about you as a user. A competitive advertising play from fintechs will likely need to be a consortium of companies, including financial services providers but perhaps also traditional media and retailers. They definitely have reasons to collaborate: advertising is a high margin business.  One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts.  Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space. In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil. Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain: User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in: So, how can you be a power user? Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.

Full Article:As the Harris campaign is in its final stretch, women are flexing their political —and financial —muscles. The first video-rally of Black women raised $1.8 M, followed by $8.5 raised by White Women For Harris. Then came Hype Women, Latinas, and “Childless cat ladies”—adding 380K to the kitty. The U.S. political system is feeling women's economic might. But it’s just a fraction of the Female Domestic Product (FDP), an entirely new concept, which if unleashed fully, could create real change.  The FDP represents all monies that women control. It includes capital, salaries, hourly wages, donations to women’s nonprofit organizations, revenues of women-owned businesses, companies owned by women, women’s VC or angel funds and pensions—including the $3 trillion held by teachers.  Like unpaid care labor, it goes uncounted—and underleveraged. Why is it important? The FDP represents women’s power—and if aggregated could have a significant impact on women’s lives and political destinies. Deploying dollars collectively works; political action committee EMILYs List has raised $700 million and elected 200 pro choice women to Congress, 20 governors and another 1700 to local or state office. The 330 philanthropists of Women Moving Millions have catalyzed one billion dollars for women and girls. As women’s rights get rolled back, increasing the FDP means amassing more financial firepower to fight back.  After all, in America sadly, we get as much equality or freedom as we pay for. It wasn’t just suffragists marching that secured the white woman’s vote; a million dollar donation by Miriam Leslie funded the movement’s organizing. The development of the oral contraceptive which delivered reproductive and economic freedom was financed by $20 million in today’s dollars by MIT graduate Katharine McCormick Dexter, as Josie Cox relates in Women Money Power. (Understanding how money grants access, McCormick Dexter also built a dorm at MIT so more women could attend.)  Today, money grants political speech: women donors account for about 30% of contributions to state elections, which yields 33% women legislators according to the Center for American Women and Politics.  The FDP barely existed until this century; before that women had little capital or equality  Indeed, remnants of the laws of couverture meant that husbands controlled women’s property after marriage, with their bodies and children being part of that property—and bled into archaic credit and banking rules that sometimes required male co-signers until outlawed in 1974.  The FDP accounts for a sliver of the GDP pie. Just think about a household's largest monthly expenses such as mortgages, car payments, groceries--precious little goes to women owned businesses or ends up in women’s control. Capital merely trickles into the FDP.  Women-owned firms earn just about 1% of corporate spending globally.  According to Pitchbook, women-led startups receive less than 2% of VC funds--despite report after report on the funding gap. Data from the Lilly School of Philanthropy shows women’s charities receive just 1.8% of total donations. By far the biggest suck from the FDP is the average gender wage gap of $10,00-$20,000 per year--which deprives the FDP of $1.6 Trillion annually. That meager flow results in less women’s ownership overall, or a knee-capping gender wealth gap.  The urgent need for FDP Growth is clear.  Closing the wage and wealth gap could shake things up. A larger FDP could free up money for more political campaign contributions to elect women legislators who advocate for the oft-ignored interest of women taxpayers and pass the Equal Rights Amendment; a federal guarantee for reproductive freedom and abortion care; childcare and paid parental leave. If the FDP grew, more donations could flow into women’s nonprofits that address issues that governments do not. It could underwrite women entrepreneurs who build companies that produce better formula, gender specific running shoes, antibacterial menstrual cups, as well as businesses that sell to the entire larger market. That in turn would generate more wealth held by women.  Read More: No Recession? Thank Women Increasing the FDP means advocating for low wage pink collar workers and transparent pay policies to close that $1.6 Trillion annual wage gap. The free market won’t magnanimously offer women a 20% raise. To grow the FDP, people will need to intentionally spend with women-owned businesses and donate to nonprofits dedicated to women or women of color. It requires investing in women’s businesses--whether by women-owned crowdfunding such as ifundwomen, angel investing groups or women-created investment pools like Coralus. When women-owned companies such as Bumble or Rent-The-Runway go public, that also puts major deposits in the FDP.  Note that whether female founders have IPO’d or keep private ownership, they often direct some wealth toward the welfare and economic advancement of other women such as Tory Burch’s who started a foundation for women entrepreneurs—and is also fundraising for Harris.  Although not as rich as Tory Burch, women represented 60% of donors to the Harris campaign in August—and  71% of donors during the debate (compared to just  37% of congressional donors). Yes, women can march and vote, but they can also marshal their financial power to advocate for women’s rights, a few dollars at a time. It might just win the election. Contact us at letters@time.com

Full Article: After a decade of expansion and innovation in leisurewear, the London-based brand is scouting new store locations across the US, starting with its debut flagship in Soho, New York City.  Lara and Ben Mead, the husband and wife duo and cofounders of Varley, share how they grew the contemporary brand. Before venturing into the fashion industry, Ben Mead worked in finance, while Lara Mead, with a background in sports and business, initially pursued a career as a sports agent. “My father was a professional soccer player, so I was always drawn to the soccer world and aimed to become a sports agent after university,” Lara explains. Stepping into Fall 2024 with Varley, with an emphasis on layering. In the last 5 years, the brand has grown 12x thanks to its presence in more than 1,000 retailers such as Net-a-Porter, Bloomingdale’s and Revolve. Their demanding careers eventually brought them together at a local running club in London. It was here that their shared passion for both athletics and fashion sparked a business idea. By 2014, the couple channeled their quest for sophisticated sportswear into creating a unique brand that merged their expertise. “Our vision for Varley was to combine our passions for sport, fashion and business into something truly distinctive,” Ben recounts. The result was a collection of refined leisurewear, including sporty pullovers and classic tennis dresses. These elevated “court-to-club” looks caught the attention of celebrities such as Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Alessandra Ambrosio, Lily Collins, and Nicole Scherzinger. As Varley reaches its 10-year milestone this year, the contemporary leisurewear brand is poised to navigate another decade, despite the increasingly crowded market. The founders attribute their success to a strategic approach that balances both e-commerce and physical stores. Varley is known for its elevated take on court attire. Rather than following the direct-to-consumer (DTC) trend that dominated the 2010s, Varley adopted a wholesale-driven model. This strategy allowed them to gather valuable feedback from retail partners and customers, continuously refining their products to better meet market needs. This approach has proven effective, with Varley’s revenue surpassing $83 million this year, up from $44 million in August 2023. The Meads aim to double this amount in the coming year by focusing on retail expansion and omnichannel success. In the last five years alone, Varley has experienced 12x growth, now gracing over 1,000 retailers, including Net-a-Porter, Bloomingdale’s, and Revolve. The brand recently expanded its physical presence with two new stores in London: the King's Road location, which opened in August 2023, and the Marylebone store, which launched in February 2024. With its first US flagship store set to open in NYC’s SoHo neighborhood next month, Varley is establishing a comprehensive omnichannel presence. Towering Profits: Staying true to its sporty yet luxurious aesthetic, Varley has reached $80 million+ in revenue, up from $44 million in 2023. Lara, the brand’s Chief Creative Officer, highlights Varley’s evolution. "Our customer is someone who values quality and style, whether they’re at the gym or out on the town," she explains. The brand’s designs reflect this ethos, merging functionality with fashion-forward aesthetics. The Meads’ journey hasn’t been without challenges. Surviving the last decade required laser focus rather than chasing fickle ecommerce trends and rapid expansion. “We’ve prioritized slow and steady growth,” says Ben, who is CEO. “It’s about building a strong foundation with the right team and strategy. “During the DTC era, we decided to leverage wholesale partnerships to introduce the brand to customers and the buyer feedback to continue to improve upon our products to help build our brand,” he explains. This approach, coupled with strategic investor partnerships, has been crucial. In late 2018, the cofounders decided to take on investors who leaned toward a hands off approach. “We could do what we do best to continue that growth,” says Ben, “but with more resources to keep up with demand.” The exterior of the Varley Marylebone store in London. The interior of Varley's King's Road store in London. While wholesale has fueled their success, they haven’t written off the importance of operating their own stores. “It's different to view the brand in its own space and environment - where you’re not just viewing a handful of pieces but the entire collection as it's meant to be merchandised,” says Lara. London chic: Varley's elevated essentials include laid-back looks, layered under stylish outerwear for the Fall. But expanding physical retail will take time, given the level of care that went into their two London stores on King’s Road (opened August 2023) and Marylebone (opened February 2024). “They were entirely designed to fit the Varley aesthetic, with custom commissioned art pieces for the walls and beautiful custom flooring.” They say the Soho store, which will serve as its first US flagship, is just the start, as they search for additional locations across the country. At a steady pace, of course. "There’s no magic bullet for instant success,” says Ben. “It’s about the snowball effect—starting with a clear vision, the right products, and a dedicated team."  One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts.  Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space. In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil. Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain: User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in: So, how can you be a power user? Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.

Full Article: Ian Wilding is the CEO of Hangar 75, a Global Venture Accelerator committed to sustainable impact.   In an era where trust in financial institutions is crucial, banks on both sides of the Atlantic are realizing that their success is deeply tied to their customers’ financial well-being. Over the past 25 years, I’ve worked with some of the world’s most innovative banks—both mainstream and challenger—helping to create banking experiences that place the customer at the center of every initiative. I think this shift toward prioritizing customer financial health is more than a trend; it’s a fundamental reimagining of the bank-customer relationship. Customer well-being in banking extends beyond mere satisfaction with services. It encompasses financial stability, literacy and overall financial health. Research indicates that financial health is influenced by active saving, manageable borrowing, spending restraint and financial literacy. This paradigm shift is driven by increasing competition, evolving regulations and changing customer expectations in a post-2008 financial crisis world. Consumers increasingly expect financial institutions to help them improve their financial health. Initiatives such as fee-free overdrafts, early paycheck access and automated savings tools can generate significant customer growth and satisfaction. Investing in customer financial health can help banks build a competitive advantage, leading to larger balance sheets, stronger loan portfolios and reduced customer service costs. The U.K.'s approach to customer well-being in banking is characterized by a strong regulatory framework, spearheaded by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The FCA's focus on vulnerable customers has compelled banks to develop comprehensive strategies to identify and support those at risk of financial harm. Organizations are implementing a range of initiatives aimed at supporting first-time buyers and vulnerable communities. For example, the Leeds Building Society's work includes a simple, digital application process for borrowers seeking assistance as part of the U.K.’s Mortgage Charter initiative, and suspending arrears fees until at least January 2025. And in 2023, the organization awarded over £1 million to various communities, supporting more than 240 charities and community groups. The U.K.'s open banking initiative has also played a crucial role, enabling fintech companies to develop innovative tools that give customers greater control over their finances. According to Standard Life, in the U.K, many adults lack confidence in making financial decisions, with "40% saying they have felt stressed trying to make financial decisions in the past two years." The Money and Pensions Service (MaPS) aims to improve financial well-being by offering free financial guidance and support. Their "U.K. Strategy for Financial Wellbeing" emphasizes building financial resilience and confidence, which can lead to better financial decisions and overall economic benefits. The U.S. approach, while sharing similarities with the U.K., is distinguished by a greater emphasis on technological innovation and financial education. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) provides resources, but the landscape is largely shaped by market forces and consumer demand. JPMorgan Chase has committed $125 million over five years to financial health initiatives, developing tools like Credit Journey for free credit scores and identity protection. Bank of America's Better Money Habits platform offers comprehensive financial education resources. These innovative approaches by U.S. banks are responding to a pressing need. Despite these efforts, financial health among U.S. customers remains low, with only 29% being financially healthy and 46% falling into the vulnerable category. However, there is a strong resolve among customers to improve their financial health, with many planning to eliminate debt, improve budgeting and set savings goals. Tools like credit score reporting, spending summaries and savings goal trackers are particularly valued by customers. Given these differing strategies in the U.K. and U.S., it's valuable to compare and contrast their approaches. Both U.K. and U.S. banks are prioritizing digital tools, personalized advice and proactive support for customers facing financial difficulties. However, the approaches differ in their driving forces and implementation. The U.K.'s strategy is more uniformly shaped by regulatory pressures, resulting in a more standardized approach across the banking sector. In contrast, the U.S. market shows greater variation in approaches, driven more by competitive differentiation and customer acquisition strategies. Cultural differences also play a role. The U.K.'s more paternalistic approach aligns with its broader social welfare system, while the U.S. emphasis on financial education and self-help tools reflects a cultural preference for individual empowerment. As both U.K. and U.S. banks implement these customer-centric strategies, they are seeing both positive outcomes and facing new challenges. Early indicators among our own clients suggest that these initiatives are yielding positive results, with banks reporting increased customer satisfaction and improved retention rates. However, challenges remain, including low uptake of financial wellness tools by customers, privacy concerns and the risk of digital exclusion. Implementation costs pose another challenge, especially for smaller banks. As we move forward, I think the emphasis on customer financial well-being will likely grow. Emerging technologies like AI and machine learning offer even more personalized financial guidance. Key strategies include making financial wellness a core focus, delivering empathetic messaging, and measuring wellness impacts. This shift marks a significant evolution in banking. While approaches vary between the U.K. and U.S., the core insight is clear: Banks investing in their customers’ financial health are securing their own long-term success. As this trend strengthens, expect a more customer-centric banking landscape that enhances financial resilience in communities. Banks embracing this change could experience substantial rewards in customer loyalty and sustainable growth. Forbes Business Council is the foremost growth and networking organization for business owners and leaders. Do I qualify? 
Full Article:Jody Bhagat: President of Americas at Personetics, a global leader in data-driven personalization & CE for financial institutions.   Picture this: You open your banking app and see a message: "Hey Alex, looks like you may need to move money into your primary checking account to cover upcoming expenses. Can I transfer in $3,000 from your external savings account at XYZ Bank?" This isn't a far-off dream—it's banking's next chapter, where artificial intelligence (AI) and data analytics take center stage. I recently was a panelist at a conference, sharing insights with other industry leaders about this very future. Our panel discussion highlighted how AI and automation are completely reshaping banking efficiency and customer engagement, while data-driven personalization is setting new standards for customer satisfaction and loyalty. The banking industry is at a crossroads. Customer expectations are soaring, the battle for deposits is fiercer than ever, and there's relentless pressure to cut costs. At the same time, there's an urgent need to leverage AI and data effectively. The industry is seeing a massive, continued shift to digital, creating both challenges and opportunities on how to engage customers. This perfect storm is creating a widening gap between industry leaders and laggards. The key to bridging this gap? A deeper understanding and more effective use of customer data. Banks that can harness their data to win deposits, deepen customer relationships and drive efficiencies will come out on top. For example, by analyzing transaction data, a bank might identify customers with regular high balances in low-interest checking accounts and proactively offer them higher-yield savings products. To deepen relationships, banks can use AI to spot life events—like a customer starting to make baby-related purchases—and offer relevant products such as college savings plans. Digital banking platforms are proving to be key differentiators across the industry spectrum. Interestingly, their role varies depending on the size of the institution. For community banks, these platforms are lifelines, allowing them to innovate and keep pace with industry leaders despite limited resources. Regional banks are taking a hybrid approach, utilizing digital platforms to tailor interactions and capabilities that align with their brand. Meanwhile, super-regional and national banks are leaning into customer-driven innovations, using platforms to strengthen their internal capabilities. But the true power of these platforms lies in their ability to shift the banking paradigm. We're moving from a product-centric model to one that helps customers better manage their day-to-day banking and improve their financial outcomes. Advanced AI algorithms can analyze spending patterns, income frequency and recurring bills to forecast potential cash shortfalls weeks in advance, allowing banks to proactively offer solutions. We're still at the beginning of our journey in leveraging data and AI analytics. It's both exciting and slightly intimidating to consider what the next three to five years might bring. One area that particularly excites me is the potential for banks to help customers take better actions today while also accomplishing long-term financial goals. We're moving toward a world where virtual agents and human bankers will be far more informed on customers’ needs. For instance, they might recognize that a customer is in a home improvement cycle based on increased spending at home improvement stores and reach out with relevant advice or products. What's more, the way banks market to customers is set to undergo a dramatic shift. Gone will be the days of generic preapproved offers plastered across websites and mobile apps. Instead, we're moving toward demonstrating personalized benefits based on each customer's unique financial situation and goals. The increasing availability of data through application programming interfaces (APIs) and open banking initiatives is opening up new possibilities for creating fluid customer experiences. However, it's crucial to remember that the competitive advantage doesn't lie in the data itself but in how it's used. The key for banks is to move from simply complying with open-banking regulations to creating an advantage. This means using both internal and external data to benefit the customer, which will ultimately create a competitive edge. In this new era of data-rich banking, financial institutions are navigating uncharted waters, where hidden reefs and promising treasure troves lie beneath the surface. On one hand, there's the need to build rigorous data governance and security frameworks to protect customer information. On the other hand, there's the potential to use this data to offer hyper-personalized insights and recommendations across a customer's entire financial portfolio. As the financial landscape continues to evolve, one thing is becoming crystal clear: tomorrow's banking leaders will be those who can weave AI and data into the fabric of every customer interaction, crafting experiences that are as unique as fingerprints and as valuable as solid-gold advice. The technology is here, and it's evolving rapidly. The question now is not whether banks will adopt these technologies but how quickly and effectively they can apply to practical use cases that benefit customers. In the years to come, banks that can turn raw data into tailored financial wisdom will not just survive the industry's tides of change—they'll ride the crest of the wave and enjoy the benefits of enduring customer relationships. The information provided here is not investment, tax or financial advice. You should consult with a licensed professional for advice concerning your specific situation. Forbes Finance Council is an invitation-only organization for executives in successful accounting, financial planning and wealth management firms. Do I qualify? 
Full Article:The revised FDIC Section 19 regulations represent a significant step forward in expanding access to ... [+] employment in the banking sector, especially for individuals historically barred due to criminal convictions. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) Board of Directors recently approved a final rule updating its Section 19 regulations to conform with the Fair Hiring in Banking Act (FHBA), enacted on December 23, 2022. The changes aim to expand employment opportunities within FDIC-insured institutions, benefiting communities disproportionately impacted by the criminal justice system. The new regulations will take effect on October 1, 2024, and provide key clarifications on covered offenses, the FDIC consent application process, and carve-outs that remove certain minor or older offenses from the scope of Section 19. Understanding these changes and how they affect background screening policies is essential for employers to ensure compliance while supporting fair hiring practices. Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDIA), enacted in 1950, restricts employment in FDIC-insured institutions for individuals convicted of crimes involving dishonesty, breach of trust, or money laundering. Additionally, individuals who have entered into a pretrial diversion program for such offenses are also subject to Section 19’s prohibitions. These individuals could not participate in the affairs of an insured depository institution without first obtaining the FDIC’s written consent, creating a barrier to employment for many individuals, even for minor or dated offenses. The FHBA marks a shift in approach, offering pathways to employment for individuals with certain criminal records while maintaining the protections Section 19 was designed to enforce. These revisions reflect growing acknowledgment of the disproportionate impact of the criminal justice system on marginalized communities and the importance of offering second chances in employment. FDIC Chairman Martin J. Gruenberg noted, “I strongly support these changes, which would expand employment opportunities in the banking industry, particularly for people of color who are disproportionately affected by the criminal justice system.” His statement underscores the significant societal impact these changes are expected to have, offering relief to those who have been systemically excluded from employment opportunities in the banking sector. One of the most significant changes under the FHBA is the exclusion of certain older offenses from Section 19’s restrictions. Under the final rule, an offense is no longer covered if:   These exclusions mean that FDIC-regulated employers may hire individuals with older offenses without FDIC consent, provided they meet the criteria. Employers should update their background screening processes to reflect this shift, ensuring they do not automatically disqualify applicants based on outdated offenses. However, keep in mind that certain federal offenses under 12 U.S.C. § 1829(a)(2) still require a 10-year prohibition period and remain subject to FDIC consent. Under the revised regulations, individuals with expunged, sealed, or dismissed offenses will be exempt from Section 19’s prohibitions. The FHBA specifies that an offense is excluded from Section 19 if:   FDIC-regulated employers must ensure that background checks consider expunged or sealed records, as these no longer require FDIC consent. Employers should establish protocols for managing candidates whose records may have been dismissed or sealed. Another notable revision involves the treatment of “de minimis” offenses—relatively minor offenses that are now exempt from the prohibitions of Section 19. These offenses, specified either by the FHBA or FDIC regulations, include:   The final rule specifies that at least one year must pass since the applicable conviction or entry into a pretrial diversion program for these offenses to be excluded from Section 19’s restrictions. Additionally, the FHBA mandates that the FDIC include specific criteria regarding confinement periods and offenses involving insufficient funds checks in its de minimis offense designation. The revised rules also raised the threshold for bad check offenses exempt from Section 19 from $1,000 to $2,000, as long as the checks did not involve an FDIC-insured institution. Employers should update their policies to recognize de minimis offenses that do not trigger Section 19’s prohibitions. This means candidates are not automatically excluded for minor infractions. Additionally, employers should ensure their background screening adjudication processes reflect the increased threshold for bad check offenses. The FDIC’s final rule also redefines which offenses are considered to involve “dishonesty.” Under the revised regulations, certain misdemeanor criminal offenses and offenses involving the possession of controlled substances are excluded from this category. Specifically:   This exclusion may extend to other drug-related offenses depending on their statutory elements, allowing more individuals with drug-related convictions to participate in the banking industry without FDIC consent. Employers should assess whether their screening processes consider the revised definition of “dishonesty.” These changes offer more flexibility in hiring candidates with drug-related or minor misdemeanor offenses. Employers must ensure that their decision-making processes align with the updated rules, especially for candidates with offenses related to controlled substances. The final rule also clarifies how the FDIC reviews Section 19 applications. The FDIC has streamlined its review process for consent applications, allowing individuals with covered offenses to apply for permission to work in FDIC-insured institutions. The FHBA prescribes the standards for this review, and prospective applicants are encouraged to contact the appropriate FDIC regional office for further guidance. Employers should be prepared to assist candidates with navigating the FDIC consent application process when necessary. HR teams should be informed about these procedures and maintain open communication with regional FDIC offices for any clarification. In addition to assisting candidates with consent applications, insured depository institutions must ensure their hiring practices comply with the updated Section 19 regulations. One key requirement is conducting a “reasonable, documented inquiry” into an applicant’s criminal history to determine whether an individual has a covered offense requiring FDIC consent. The FDIC leaves the specific procedures for these inquiries to the business judgment of the institution but stresses that the process must be documented to demonstrate due diligence. Institutions should review their background check processes to ensure compliance with the revised regulations and confirm that older or de minimis offenses are appropriately excluded. Employers should review their hiring and background screening practices to ensure they meet this standard. This includes clearly documenting each step of the inquiry, especially when determining whether offenses are covered or excluded under the updated Section 19 regulations. Employers are encouraged to work closely with legal counsel or compliance professionals to ensure their processes are airtight. For offenses committed in foreign jurisdictions, the FDIC has confirmed that individuals with covered offenses from foreign countries are still subject to Section 19 unless the offense is otherwise excluded. While foreign background checks may present challenges due to local laws, institutions must still make reasonable efforts to comply. When hiring individuals with backgrounds outside of the United States, employers should ensure that their background checks cover both domestic and foreign jurisdictions where applicable. If certain countries restrict access to criminal records, employers should document their efforts to comply with Section 19 requirements in good faith. The revised Section 19 regulations expand employment access in the banking sector, particularly for individuals previously barred due to criminal convictions. These changes balance trust in financial institutions with the importance of second chances. As the revisions take effect on October 1, 2024, insured institutions should review their hiring and background check practices to ensure compliance. For individuals with older or minor offenses, the updated regulations provide new career opportunities in banking.

Full Article:
AMD may have just released its new Zen 5 lineup less than two months ago, but the processor that all gamers are waiting for is definitely the Ryzen 7 9800X3D — and it seems to be a lot closer than we thought. A few days after an initial report that the 9800X3D would launch this year, another leak reaffirmed this by sharing promotional material about the CPU. It really looks like AMD is banking on the 9800X3D to be the best processor of the year. This isn’t the only sign of an imminent launch. A leaked slide comes from Moore’s Law Is Dead, who also cited his own anonymous sources as he talked about the CPU. Before we dive in, remember that all of this has yet to be confirmed by AMD, although the promotional material certainly looks legitimate. All we have is one slide, but it’s a lot more than we would have gotten if the launch was months away. The slide reveals the packaging for the Ryzen 7 9800X3D accompanied by a quite telling tagline: “This legend is unbeatable.” Moore’s Law Is Dead also claims that AMD refers to its new CPU as the “ultimate processor for elite gaming.” By the sound of it, AMD may not feel threatened by the upcoming launch of the Intel Core Ultra 200 (also known as Arrow Lake) and may expect to retain the crown for the best gaming CPU. Aside from the slide, Moore’s Law Is Dead shared a few more interesting tidbits about the processor. Reportedly, the 9800X3D is the only one that’s coming in 2024, having been internally listed on a “2024 Products” page. The Ryzen 9 9900X3D and the 9950X3D, which are also expected to launch this generation, are absent — meaning we might not see them until 2025. This isn’t bad news, really, as many of us never expected to see the 9800X3D as early as late October or early November — which is the current expectation, according to leakers. The Ryzen 7 9800X3D is said to come with 104MB of combined cache and may finally offer some more serious support for overclocking, as one of the YouTuber’s sources claims that it’s been “designed for increased frequencies.” Surprisingly, although the X3D processors usually sell very well, AMD may bundle it with a game: Call of Duty: Black Ops 6. Speaking of sales, Moore’s Law Is Dead isn’t the only source we have that implies an imminent release for the Ryzen 7 9800X3D; the strongest indicator is the rising price and low supply levels of the Ryzen 7 7800X3D. We’ve noted that the 7800X3D has seen a price hike recently, and assumed that it could have had something to do with the launch of the scarcely available Ryzen 5 7600X3D. However, given the new information about the 9800X3D, it’s all starting to add up. We can’t be certain about anything until AMD itself breaks the news, but given these leaks, we truly might see the Ryzen 7 9800X3D soon. If you were thinking of buying a CPU, it might be better to hold off for now and see how the pricing pans out for the new chip, if and when it’s announced. Following up on reviews for the Ryzen 5 9600X and Ryzen 7 9700X, a flurry of reports are coming out about AMD's pricing for its new Zen 5 CPUs. Across the lineup, which is sure to earn some spots among the best processors, AMD reduced prices compared to the previous generation. That's great. But it's not exactly an accurate picture of pricing right now. First, the prices. You can see in the picture below the prices for the main four Zen 5 CPUs. Both Ryzen 9 models are $50 cheaper compared to their last-gen counterparts, the Ryzen 7 9700X is $40 cheaper, and the Ryzen 5 9600X is $20 cheaper. That's only true if you compare the list prices that AMD set. Ultimately, it's up to retailers to dictate the final price, which is something we saw in full effect with AMD's last-gen CPUs. AMD's upcoming flagship desktop chip, the Ryzen 9 9950X, hasn't even hit the market yet, but early benchmark results are already showing promising performance. According to a recently shared benchmark score, the 9950X can reach impressive boost clock speeds of up to 6GHz. X (formerly Twitter) user @9950pro posted a screenshot of a Geekbench 6 result for a Ryzen 9 9950X engineering sample. The CPU was paired with an Asus ROG Crosshair X670E motherboard and 32GB of DDR5 memory. Notably, the clock speeds reached 5.95GHz — nearly 300 MHz above its stock maximum boost clock. In these tests, the overclocked chip scored 3,706 points in single-core performance and 26,047 points in multi-core performance, highlighting its substantial capability. AMD's new Ryzen 9000 CPUs are releasing in a little over a week, and the first review has already been posted. SaddyTech posted a video taking a look at the 12-core Ryzen 9 9900X in a slate of games, and there's some bad news for AMD. Across titles, last generation's Ryzen 7 7800X3D is faster. There are minor differences in some games, but others show a massive lead for AMD's last-gen CPU. In Alan Wake 2 at 1080p, for example, the Ryzen 7 7800X3D and Ryzen 9 9900X are within two frames of each other. However, in The Last of Us Part One, SaddyTech showed that the Ryzen 7 7800X3D is 18% ahead at 1080p. And in Fornite, it's 16% ahead. Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.

Full Article: Goldman Sachs (GS) is set to take a $400 million pre-tax hit  in the third quarter tied to its sunsetting consumer business, the investment bank’s chief David Solomon said at a conference Monday. That knock to revenues comes from the unwinding of its General Motors (GM) (GM) card platform, and the sale of real estate loans known as seller financing loans, Solomon said. Goldman is in talks to hand over its GM credit card business, with roughly $2 billion in card balances, to Barclays (BCS), The Wall Street Journal (NWS) reported in April. For the past two years, Solomon has been steering Goldman away from its consumer banking endeavors. This includes the sale of financial technology firm GreenSky to investor group Sixth Street, and rumors that the investment bank is also looking for an exit from its credit card deal with Apple (AAPL). The bank’s foray into consumer banking has been costly. The unwinding of its Main Street businesses has lost the firm millions in recent quarters — but the maintenance of those same products has also proven to be a money pit. In January 2023, Goldman disclosed that it lost more than $3 billion over the course of three years on its platform solutions business that homed its consumer sector, including  transaction banking, credit card, and fintech. On top of the hit from its consumer division, Solomon said Monday that total trading revenue is down 10% year-on-year in the third quarter, coming off a strong performance in the year-ago period. “Given this quarter, given what I’d say is a more challenging macro environment, particularly in the month of August, that business is trending down close to 10% largely due to FICC,” Solomon said. The FICC division at Goldman provides clients with market insights, intermediation, risk management, and financing and execution for fixed income assets, like bonds and currencies. Solomon partially attributed the dip to the market disruption in August, which sent global stocks tumbling and caused widespread panic among investors, and overall muted activity levels.  “It’s not at the same pace as the first quarter last year, but there’s still a few weeks left,” he said. “So, this can continue to evolve.” Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
 Full Article:The Federal Reserve’s expected interest rate cut later this week could create new challenges — and opportunities — for banks over the coming months. Rate cuts will initially be a credit negative for most U.S. banks, according to a Monday note from Moody’s Ratings. The ratings agency expects deposit costs to reprice downward more slowly than loan yields, which will constrain net interest income (NII) — most banks’ largest revenue source.  In the long term, however, lower deposit costs should strengthen net interest income and continued economic growth will help maintain and improve banks’ asset quality, Moody’s said.  The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) is  expected to carry out between a 25-basis-point and 50-basis-point cut Wednesday, following its September meeting. This would be the first rate cut since the central bank launched its rate-hiking campaign between March 2022 and July 2023, which has brought interest rates to 23-year-highs of 5.25%-5.5%. Banks have been preparing for lower NII heading towards the end of this year and into 2025. Daniel Pinto, president of JPMorgan Chase (JPM), the largest U.S. bank by assets, said last week that its previous NII outlook for 2025 of $90 billion is “a bit too high.” Laurent Birade, Moody’s Banking Industry Practice Lead, said in a separate statement that banks can safeguard their margins by diversifying revenue streams and readjusting their interest rate frameworks. “Facing the Federal Reserve’s potential rate cut of 25 to 50 basis points later this month, U.S. banks stand at a crossroads of challenge and opportunity,” Birade said. “This critical juncture offers banks a chance to reshape their strategies amidst the ebb and flow of economic policy.” Lower rates will help boost bank equity, however, Wells Fargo (WFC) banking analyst Mike Mayo said in a note Friday. A decline in rates could boost bank equity by an estimated 7% quarter-to-date, according to Mayo.  In the past, when the Fed has cut interest rates and economic indicators haven’t pointed to a recession, bank stocks have outperformed each time, Mayo said.  Researchers at Goldman Sachs (GS) see a higher likelihood of a 25 basis-point decrease, which would bring interest rates down to 5%-5.25%, but they “are admittedly uncertain about this,” they wrote in a note Sunday. Goldman is expecting three interest rate cuts this year in September, November, and December. By the end of 2024, rates could be between 75 and 100 basis points lower, according to Goldman. Moody’s expects rates to decline by 200 basis points by the end of 2025 and sit at 3.25%-3.5%. The current banking environment shows that many clients are holding off on investments and taking out loans as they wait for the start of the rate-cutting cycle. A Bank of America Securities (BAC) analysis of recent updates from more than 30 bank management teams found that loan demand has been “non-existent” as clients wait for macroeconomic clarity following the FOMC meeting. Investment banking has also taken a hit as a result.  Meanwhile, credit quality is “hanging-in” as expected with rate relief on the way and assuming the job market continues to hold up, the researchers said. BofA also said rate cuts won’t be a universal net negative on net interest margins, given that banks are better prepared and higher-for-longer rates have provided funding cushions, giving banks added flexibility.  The bank’s strategy team likened the volatile trading environment, driven by the rate cuts, recession fears, and the U.S. presidential election, to the scene in “Die Hard” in which Bruce Willis has to walk barefoot over shattered glass. Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
 Full Article: The iPhone setup process has improved dramatically over the years. This year, as last year, I put my new iPhone next to my old one, and a good chunk of the setup was automated.  However, there are still more manual steps than I would like, and one particular pain point is that some of the gaps in the setup process don’t make themselves known until the first time you need to actually carry out particular tasks …  As Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman says, there’s hours more work to do once the setup process is officially complete. Apple has made moving over data from one iPhone to a new one really seamless. But the actual process of getting things going after that — logging into apps again etc — takes hours. Ultimate first world problem, but certainly Apple is working on this as the next step. That latter comment is likely assumption rather than source, simply because Apple must be working on this. The first additional step we’re likely to encounter is our iPhone inviting us to setup our cards for Apple Pay again. And even when it looks like this is complete, the app may only demand that a card be activated when we actually try to use it for the first time after switching phones. There’s the fact that paired hardware devices don’t automatically switch over. Admittedly I have more headphones than some audio stores, but even for someone with one or two, it’s a pain-point. Likewise devices like Apple Watches, smart rings, smart scales, and so on. Then there are all the apps that require us to login again. Adding to the fun of this, if we use two-factor authentication – as we certainly should, whenever possible – we have to generate new codes. Banking apps can be even fiddlier. One of mine, for example, requires me to use the app on my old device to generate a security code before I can activate the app on the new device. Another requires me to dig out the hardware security device I use exactly once a year and whose battery was dead this year, requiring my bank to post me a new device. So yes, as Gurman says, this is a first world problem, and of course there are big security challenges to creating a truly seamless one-step transfer process, which will require working with card companies, banks, and so on. I personally think this is too much to ask. Many people use a myriad of apps and services, in a myriad of jurisdictions with different requirements. I think the best Apple can do is to make a seamless transition for all of Apple services, and some standard apps (like social media). Right now I am picturing a scenario when someone gets a hold of your Apple credentials and your phone, and they just need another phone to move your whole digital life to another device before it is too late for you to notice or take action. At some point we will have to take accountability for the most sensitive aspects of our digital life. But Apple has solved equally impossible-sounding problems in the past – like how to update an iPhone to the latest version of iOS while it’s still sealed inside its box – so I’m sure this one, too, will prove to be solvable with enough imagination. I very much look forward to the day when I can simply put my new phone next to my old phone, be asked to use Face ID to authorize, and then see my old phone cloned to my new phone, byte for byte. Is this something you’d like to see? Please take our poll, and share your thoughts in the comments. Photo: 9to5Mac FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news: Introduced in 2007 by Steve Jobs, iPhone is Appl… Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels, a couple of SF shorts and a rom-com! Manage push notifications